Photos: Jataka Tales Teaching
Through kindness, affection, honesty, truth and justice toward all others we ensure our own benefit – this is a matter of common sense.
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.
HHDL live from TCV, Dharamsala, India - introduction to Buddhism for young Tibetans, June 3-4, 9-11:30amIST
"Tackling Anger" - HHDL responds to a student's question at Tibetan Children's Village School (TCV) on April 23rd.
Compassion is the foundation of a good heart, the heart of one who acts out of a desire to help others.
Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness.
We need to consider how our actions affect wildlife and the environment, and how they are likely to affect others.
Even as our world continues to develop materially, there is increasing need for similar progress in our sense of inner values.
Motivation is very important. We can show love, respect for others, and honesty in whatever we do to help humanity.
Large human movements spring from individual human initiatives.
Friendship depends on trust and trust grows when we live our lives honestly and sincerely, cultivating respect and concern for others.
Photos of HHDL's visit to the ancient Buddhist capital of Nara, Japan, on November 8th, 2010.
Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.
If you have a warm heart and you care for others you'll be happy and the community in which you live will be happier too.
HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala, India, on April 26th, for victims of the ongoing repression in Tibet.
The uprising resulted in a violent crackdown in Tibet and the Dalai Lama's escape into exile in India.
Short clip: HHDL answers a question from a young student on compassion at MIT in Cambridge, MA, USA on Oct 31, 2014
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Dharamsala, India on June 4-6.
Here are some photos of HHDL during his escape into exile in March 1959.
We do not need to reflect too long before we realize that all beings spontaneously look for happiness and try to avoid suffering.
Fear that makes us run from a mad dog is useful and necessary, whereas fear rooted in mistrust is unhelpful and needs to be overcome.
The right to freedom is pivotal for the progress of any society. And for this, there should be a sense of global responsibility.
Video of HHDL's meeting with members of the press in Yokohama, Japan, on November 5th.
HHDL cuts the cake during celebrations of his 83rd birthday at Shiwatsel Teaching Ground in Leh, Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 6, 2018. Photo by Tenzin Choejor
As our own peace of mind grows, so the atmosphere around us becomes more peaceful.
We all need basic human values rooted in trust and affection.
Compassion and love are precious things in life.  They are not complicated: they are simple, but difficult to practice.
Live Webcast: HHDL's public talk "Ethics - Educating the Mind and Heart" from Delhi University on March 22nd.
Given human beings' love of truth, justice, peace, and freedom, creating a better, more compassionate world is a genuine possibility.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama meeting with former US President Barack Obama in New Delhi, India on December 1, 2017. (Photo by Tenzin Taklha)
If we remember the oneness of humanity and think of each other as brothers and sisters we can overcome that potential for violence.
Photos of HHDL's visit to Zurich from April 7-12 are being posted everyday at  Today photos from April 9th.
Everyone wants to lead a happy life, a meaningful life. In order to fulfil this goal our practice should be realistic.
Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality. It’s about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves ‘Why do I feel angry?’ and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warm-heartedness.
Being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.
Anger may seem to be a source of energy, but it’s blind. It causes us to lose our restraint. It may stir courage, but that too is blind.
Whether or not we follow any particular spiritual tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone.
The first drawback of anger is that it destroys our inner peace; the second is that it distorts our view of reality. If we think about this and come to understand that anger is really unhelpful, that it is only destructive, we can begin to distance ourselves from anger.
We need cooperation based on trust and self-confidence to create an open, compassionate, harmonious society.
Human rights apply to every country because all human beings share an inherent yearning for freedom, dignity and equality.
When we are caught up in a destructive emotion, we lose one of our greatest assets: our independence.
Freedom is the very source of creativity for both individuals and society.
Destructive thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. If you think clearly about it, it makes no sense to think you’re seeking happiness, if you do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
In addition to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achieve inner peace.
This planet is our home and Tibet its roof. We need #climateaction for #Tibet - the #RoofOfTheWorld #COP21 #ADP2015
HHDL addresses the audience during celebrations in honor of his 76th birthday held in Washington DC on July 6th.
We have to find ways to encourage non-violence, compassion and respect for others’ rights to achieve a better world in the future.
Positive emotions like compassion and loving kindness engender in us a deep sense of peace and serenity, and benefits others as well.
Photos taken today at HHDL's residence during the Bhikshu ordination ceremony.
Seeing how negative emotions lead to negative consequences can help us overcome them. Just as we can learn how helpful love and compassion can be, we can come to understand that anger, pride, jealousy and arrogance can be detrimental. We need to use reason and human intelligence.
We need an inseparable combination of material and internal, or spiritual, progress.
You must not consider tolerance and patience to be signs of weakness. I consider them signs of strength.
On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy. They reduce fear.
The quality or purity of any spiritual practice is determined by the individual’s intention and motivation.
I don’t think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world. Remember, we all survive in dependence on others.
Clarification and Context of Remarks Made by His Holiness the Dalai Lama in a Recent BBC Interview
Altruism means that we should not be exclusively preoccupied with our own welfare. This does not imply that one should become a martyr!
We have the ability and the responsibility to choose whether our actions follow a virtuous path or not.
Watch HHDL's talk "Secular Ethics, Human Values and Society" given at USC in Los Angeles on May 3, 2011.
Irrespective of doctrinal and other differences, all major world religions are concerned with helping individuals become good human beings.
We need to understand how destructive emotions affect us and constructive emotions can help us, so that we can maintain our peace of mind.
We naturally have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by taking others needs into account as well as ours.
Live Webcast: HHDL's teaching on "Praise to Dependent Origination" from Dharamsala, India, June 28-29.
The purpose of religion is not to build beautiful temples but to cultivate positive human qualities such as tolerance, generosity and love.
Today, on the occasion of his 70th birthday, His Holiness the Dalai Lama has written to PM Narendra Modi wishing him many happy returns of the day, praying for his continued good health and praising the age-old Indian practices of ahimsa and karuna.
HHDL with Britain's Prince Charles at Clarence House in London, England, on June 20th.
Watch Live: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue “Reimagining Human Flourishing” from Dharamsala, India on March 12-16. HHDL will engage in conversation with 17 scholars on the integration of compassion and ethics in education.  (Photo of Mind &amp; Life XXX by Tenzin Choejor)
I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
Having a good heart and benefiting others are proper attitudes for everyone, whether they are spiritual practitioners or not.
The idea of one side suffering defeat while the other side triumphs is out of date. Instead we have to develop dialogue.
Healthy Competition - HHDL talks about how competition can be positive in answering a student's question during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 31, 2019.
Compassion brings inner peace and whatever else is going on, that peace of mind allows us to see the whole picture more clearly.
HHDL greeting a young fan on his arrival in Inverness, Scotland, on June 23.
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion should increase in us, we need to make a sustained effort to cultivate them.
Once our mind is more calm and joyful, then our activities can be more effective.
By studying others’ viewpoints, it is possible for us to discover new and refreshing perspectives on the world – including our own life.
We should value our enemies because they provide us with unique opportunities to practice patience, tolerance and forbearance.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others.
I am a bit skeptical about what we call blessings. I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore, the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
Looking at the pattern of our existence from birth to death, we can see the way in which we are fundamentally nurtured by other's affection.
When our mind is calm, we’re better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.
Within all beings there is a seed of perfection; but compassion is required to activate that seed inherent in our hearts and minds.
It’s good to remember that other human beings are like us. We are born the same way; we die the same way. While we’re alive it’s better to be able to trust each other as friends. We earn other people’s trust when we show a genuine concern for their well-being.
Cultivating contentment is crucial to maintaining peaceful coexistence.
Warm-heartedness and compassion are the keys to being happy human beings living in happy families and communities
We think that if we have health and wealth they’re enough to be happy, but actually happiness depends on the state of our minds.
Time is always moving on, Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time properly or not. We can’t do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now.
Many of our world's problems and conflicts arise because we have lost sight of the basic humanity that binds us together as a human family.
If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly.
Mental transformation takes time, but it becomes easier with familiarity. Don’t entertain unrealistic expectations; it doesn’t take place quickly. It requires patience and determination over months and years, but if you keep it up, at the end of your life you’ll be content.
Genuine peace in the world depends on our having peace in our hearts. If we are full of anger how can we expect to bring about peace.
When we are open to others and ready to show them our friendship and affection, this immediately creates a good environment.
The use of force and violence inevitably entails unanticipated consequences, but rarely yields a solution.
When you concern yourself with others, you naturally develop a sense of self-confidence. To help others takes courage and inner strength.
By extending our ordinary feelings of love and concern beyond their usual biased limits, love is freed from the restrictions of attachment.
HHDL offers a young patient a ceremonial scarf during his visit to Christchurch Hospital. New Zealand, on June 8.
Just as cold is dispelled by heat, its opposite, anger and loving-kindness counter one another.
When we develop patience, we find that we develop a reserve of calm and tranquility.
I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment.
Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination.
HHDL thanking the crowd at celebrations honoring his 79th birthday at the 33rd Kalachakra in Ladakh, India on July 6
The practice of compassion is the most effective way to pursue the best interests of others as well as our own
The aim of spiritual practice is to become the friend of all beings, concerned about them and ready and able to help them.
Images of HHDL's trip to Ladakh to visit flood damaged areas and join in prayers for the victims on September 13th.
To suppose that we can achieve peace through violence is altogether misguided.
Webcast: His Holiness the Dalai Lama's Tibetan New Year Message
Live: HHDL’s talk on “The Culture of Compassion” from Derry, UK, on April 18th starting at 1:00pm BST
Peace has much to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others.
At one level, all major religious traditions have the same aim – to transform the individual into a positive being.
It is because of my wish to be helpful that I share my ideas and experiences; being helpful to even one person is valuable.
Actively promoting the positive inner qualities of the human heart will be appreciated by all.
The real source of inner strength and self-confidence is warm-heartedness.
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.
Better grounded emotionally through patience, we become stronger mentally and spiritually, and tend to be healthier physically.
Live: 2nd Global Conference on World's Religions After 9/11 with HHDL's opening remarks from Montreal, Sept 7, 2011.
Inter-religious harmony is essential, because each of our religious traditions gives its followers a sense of how to lead a meaningful life. The important thing is to make religion relevant to our daily life rather than simply maintaining old traditions.
On 6 July, my birthday, there'll be a special online screening of a new film about physicist David Bohm, who I think of as one of my ‘science gurus’. See:  #InfinitePotentialFilm #DavidBohm #QuantumPotential
Random images of HHDL's teaching at Ashok Hotel in New Delhi from 19-21 March 2010
It’s useful to reflect not only on how anger, fear and suspicion destroy our peace of mind, but also on how peace of mind gives us the confidence to act honestly and truthfully. We are social animals and we need friends. We make friends on the basis of trust.
Prayer can be of great solace to the individual, but changing the world requires us to take action.
Great changes start with individuals; the basis of world peace is inner peace in the hearts of individuals, something we can all work for.
The most important benefit of patience consists in the way it acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger.
Human happiness and satisfaction come from within oneself; it is wrong to expect some final satisfaction from money or a computer.
We need a genuine sense of responsibility and a sincere concern for the welfare of others.
From kindergarten onwards we need education to strengthen inner values not just pursue material goals. We need to introduce emotional hygiene, much as we teach physical hygiene. This way we can address the problems we face, in the hope of making this a century of non-violence.
Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am skeptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action.
Over 8,000 People Gathered at the Heart of Zurich City to Express Solidarity with Tibet
We need to teach about warmheartedness in a secular context.
HHDL playfully posing with Muslim leaders from Turtuk who came to meet him in Disket, Nubra Valley, India on July 13th. Photo/Tenzin Choejor
Live Webcasts: HHDL convenes "A Meeting of Diverse Spiritual Traditions in India" Sept 20-21 from New Delhi, India.
The opponent of peace of mind is not something external, but within us.
Whenever there is a challenge, there is also an opportunity to face it, to demonstrate and develop our will and determination.
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, I believe we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal.
The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred.
Photos of HHDL's visit to the remote Himalayan region of Paddar in Jammu & Kashmir, India, on June 5th, 2010.
Warm-heartedness is the key factor that allows me to smile and be happy, even in the company of strangers.
When you help others, do so out of respect. Don't look down on them. Serve other human beings with a compassionate intent.
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion grow within us. We need a sustained effort to cultivate such positive qualities.
I’m just one human being, but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity.
Live webcasts of HHDL's public talks and panel discussions from Hawaii and San Diego, USA, from April 14-19.
A mind committed to compassion is like an overflowing reservoir - a constant source of energy, determination and kindness.
HHDL reaching out to shake hands with Indian Buddhists at Ganden Monastery in Mundgod, India, February 5th, 2011.
Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of particular emotions and applying our intelligence, we can transform our minds.
Affection is important because it counters anger, hatred and suspicion that can prevent our minds from functioning clearly.
You can develop patience and change your attitudes with continuous practice - the human mind has such potential.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
People go to great lengths to look physically attractive, but inner beauty is a more important and stronger basis for lasting relationships.
Video of Leigh Sales of ABC’s 7.30 interviewing HHDL in Sydney, Australia, originally broadcast on June 13th.
The use of force may control people physically, but it won’t change their hearts and minds. You can only do that on the basis of trust and friendship.
Looking at various means of developing compassion, I think empathy is an important factor: the ability to appreciate others' suffering.
HHDL recalls his early childhood in this clip from his talk at the University of Minnesota on May 8, 2011.
The ultimate source of a happy life is warmheartedness. Even animals display some sense of compassion. When it comes to human beings, compassion can be combined with intelligence. Through the application of reason, compassion can be extended to all 7 billion human beings.
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you’re warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. A calm mind and self-confidence are the basis for happy and peaceful relations with each other.
Peace is not just the mere absence of violence or disturbance. It's when there is a possibility of conflict, but you deliberately avoid violence and adopt methods to solve the problem through peaceful means. That is real peace.
We are, you might say, "brainwashed" into thinking that money is the source of happiness while what we really need to know is that inner peace is something that comes from within.
Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.
In a letter to Sikkim's Chief Minister, HHDL expressed his concern for the devastation caused by the recent earthquake.
We all have the right to lead happy lives.
The Best Birthday Gift - HHDL's message on his 84th birthday from his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 6, 2019.
Even small acts of compassion bring meaning and purpose to our lives.
Some photos of HHDL's final day of his three day visit  to Nagano, Japan, on June 21st.
HHDL sends his congratulations to the three 2011 Noble Peace Prize winners.
We have to put effort into being honest, truthful and compassionate towards others.
If you make others happy, you’ll be happy. If you make others unhappy, you’ll be miserable.
Compassion is concern for others—sincere concern for others’ well-being founded on awareness of our own experience. Since it makes us happy when others show us affection and offer us help, if we show others affection and readiness to help they too will feel joy.
Some photos of HHDL attending ceremonies held in Dharamsala, India, to celebrate his 75th birthday on July 6th.
Happiness comes through taming the mind; without taming the mind there is no way to be happy.
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.
Peace of mind, a calm state of mind, is rooted in affection and compassion.
Whether we believe in religion or not, affection and compassion are key factors for our peace of mind.
New from HHDL &amp; Archbishop Desmond Tutu, the Book of Joy Journal with inspiring quotes to help find joy in our lives
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Nagarjuna's "In Praise of Dhammadhatu" from Dharamsala, India, on October 1-4.
First in a series conceived by HHDL, ”Science and Philosophy in the Indian Buddhist Classics, Vol. 1: The Physical World", that brings together classical Buddhist explorations of the nature of our material world and the human mind and puts them into context for the modern reader.
When we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on others' well-being, inevitably we end up hurting them.
Webcast of HHDL's keynote address "Human Rights Through Universal Responsibility" in Bhopal, India on March 17th
Live Webcast: 2012 Templeton Prize will be awarded to HHDL at St. Paul's Cathedral in London, UK, on May 14  #TempPrize
Today: live webcast of HHDL leading prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims in one hour at 7:30am IST (GMT+5.30).
When you care for others, you manifest an inner strength despite any difficulties you face. Your own problems will seem less significant and bothersome to you. Reaching beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain confidence, courage and a greater sense of calm.
The practice of altruism is the authentic way of living a human life; it is not limited only to the religious.
Developing an attitude more concerned with others reduces fear and fosters friendship.
Kindness and compassion give rise to self-confidence, which in turn empowers us to be honest, truthful and transparent.
We have to try to solve local problems keeping global interests in mind.
English translation of HHDL's interview with Wang Lixiong that was posted on Lixiong's Twitter page May 21st.
HHDL leaves for Japan tomorrow. Teaching and talk in Yokohama June 26th and full schedule at
Today, the world is interdependent as never before, which is why we need a keen sense of the oneness of all human beings. We have to take the whole of humanity into account. We have to understand what we have in common with everyone else.
Real inner peace and inner satisfaction ultimately depends on our mental attitude.
Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us train our minds, overcome our negativities and fulfill our inner potential.
We all want to live a happy life, which is our right, and the key to doing so is developing compassion for others.
Where education advances material goals it should also include instruction about our mind and emotions—how to achieve a calm mind and develop altruism. An important part of establishing peace of mind is being able to apply emotional hygiene—learning to tackle destructive emotions
HHDL looking at Tilly Lockey's prosthetic hands during the discussion on ‘Robotics and Telepresence’ at De Nieuwe Kerk in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 15, 2018. (Photo by Olivier Adam)
I believe that human nature is fundamentally positive and gentle; therefore, a human approach should be non-violent.
As individuals and nations become increasingly interdependent, we have no choice but to develop a sense of universal responsibility.
Peace means no disturbance, no danger. It relates to our mental attitude. If we have a calm mind, obstacles will be less disruptive. What’s important to realize is that ultimately peace of mind is within us, it takes a warm heart and using our intelligence.
Compassion should be unbiased, based on a recognition that others have a right to happiness, just as you do.
Virtually all of us have benefited from our mother’s affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection.
HHDL sends his thanks for all the greetings he received on his birthday.
Future is Uncertain But We Remain With Hope Said His Holiness the Dalai Lama
The efforts we make sincerely to transform ourselves spiritually are what make us genuine practitioners.
Ethical discipline is the indispensable means for mediating between the competing claims of my right to happiness and others' equal right.
Religion may have become synonymous with deep philosophical issues, but it is love and compassion that lie at the heart of religion.
Photos: His Holiness Returns to Dharamsala
The aim of spiritual and therefore ethical practice is to transform and perfect the individual’s motivation and mental disposition.
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
Here are some photos of HHDL during his teachings at Radio City Music Hall in New York from May 20th-22nd.
Non-violence is when one has the chance to harm another but resists from doing so, this is genuine non-violence.
The Dalai Lama appears on Twitter — and ‘tweets for a better world’
If you want change, create the causes.
So long as we are under the control of disturbing emotions, real happiness is hard to find.
In two hours, live webcast of HHDL and Richard Moore talking to students about forgiveness - 9am IST (GMT+5.30).
The aim of spiritual practice is to transform and perfect our motivation and mental disposition, so we can become better human beings.
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn’t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can’t do that, at least not harming them.
We need friendship, which depends on trust. And that depends on concern for others, defending their rights, and not doing them harm.
Change in the world always begins with an individual who shares what he or she has learned and passes it on to others.
To bring about a better world, let us all strive together with vision, with courage, and with optimism.
Warm-heartedness reinforces our self-confidence – giving us not a blind confidence, but a sense of confidence based on reason.
If the work is worthwhile, then whether we can complete it or not, it's worth making the attempt. That's why courage is important.
Optimism in the Face of Adversity, a clip from HHDL's talk with students in Sikkim, India, on December 21, 2010.
“Why I’m hopeful about the world’s future” - HHDL’s opinion for the Washington Post on June 13th.
Patience as we wait to take action is a kind of compassionate mind. Impatience on the other hand can be a source of failure.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu challenges the world to forgive. Join the #ForgivenessChallenge.
If in day to day life you lead a good life, honestly, with love, compassion, and less selfishness, then automatically you will find peace.
Compassion is the wish to offer unbiased service to all beings, whether they are friendly or hostile to you.
Common sense shows you the value of warmheartedness.
If you have a sincere and open heart, you naturally feel self-worth and confidence, and there is no need to be fearful of others.
HHDL talks about the need for hope in our lives in a clip from his Tulane University Commencement address on May 18
The first of my personal commitments is to work to increase human happiness by encouraging the cultivation of inner values and a sense of concern for others’ well being. These are the key factors whether one is a religious person or not.
A good way to work for a more peaceful world is to develop concern for others.
For mental peace,  one of the most important factors is compassion and affection, a sense of caring.
Taking care of our neighbors’ interests is essentially taking care of our own future.
Training the mind is the source of inner peace.”
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
We know that everyone who is born has to die, but the important thing is that while we are alive we should make our lives meaningful.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Kalachakra teachings from Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 3-13.
I commend the state government and all those engaged in providing relief to people affected by this natural calamity. As a mark of solidarity with the people of Bihar, I have asked the Dalai Lama Trust to make a donation to the relief and rescue efforts.
As social animals we need friends, but we make friends on the basis of trust, which comes about as a result of affection and concern for others. You can’t buy trust or acquire it by use of force. Its source is warm-heartedness.
A secular person can be spiritual: compassion is for everyone to practice.
It seems wrong to think kindness is exclusively the business of religion; something to be neglected if one isn’t interested in spirituality.
True friendship develops not as a result of money or power but on the basis of genuine human affection.
We must work together. Humanity needs more genuine cooperation.
HHDL is greeted by well-wishers as he arrives for celebrations honoring his 77th birthday in Dharamsala on July 6
Students from Maitreya School chanting the "Heart Sutra" in Sanskrit at the start of HHDL's teaching at the Kalachakra Teaching Ground in Bodhgaya, Bihar, India on January 2, 2020. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor)
From my own experience I can tell you that when I practice altruism and care for others, it immediately makes me calmer and more secure.
HHDL speaks to students on "Death as a Part of Life", how living a meaningful life leads to no regrets at the time of death, during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on April 2, 2018.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama meets with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on July 16, 2011.
The essence of all spiritual life is your emotion, your attitude to others. Once you have pure and selfless motivation, all the rest follows
Webcast: Life Stories of the Buddha
Today, HHDL took part in a ceremony to mark the launch of an encyclopedia on Hinduism in Haridwar, India.
If you dedicate yourself to helping others, you’ll be happier.
A holistic view brings realistic action.
Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Slovenia from April 5th to 7th.
Because all religious traditions teach love, tolerance and forgiveness, and share a common goal, we can appreciate and respect them all.
In the modern world, where the pursuit of money is considered more important than the cultivation of inner values a fresh approach is required to incorporate secular ethics or universal values into the system of education.
When we reach beyond the confines of narrow self-interest, our hearts become filled with strength.
Although bringing about inner change is difficult, it is absolutely worthwhile to try. What is important is to try our best.
Whether we follow a religious path or not, as human beings we all need affection.
In our world today, everyone wants to live a happy life and indeed everyone has a right to a happy life. Yet we face problems, many of which are of our own making. If we look a little deeper, we may see that loving kindness is the key to our survival.
Happiness can just refer to the pleasure we find on a sensory level, but real happiness is related to peace of mind. If we have a calm mind, fear and suspicion are reduced. Fear is a major source of unhappiness.
HHDL's Opinion for the New York Times - "Our Future is Very Much in Our Hands"
HHDL greeting players before the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket match in Dharamsala, India, on May 21, 2011.
Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teaching on "Essence of Refined Gold” from Dharamsala, India, on November 20-21.
If we make a common attempt to improve our education systems, we can educate the coming generations to be more compassionate.
If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering.
Update: Live webcast of Long Life Offering to His Holiness now scheduled for approx 8.am IndianStandardTime (2 March).
Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind. Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Atisha's "Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India on October 1-4
John Hume’s deep conviction in the power of dialogue and negotiations to resolve conflict was unwavering. It was his leadership and his faith in the power of negotiations that enabled the 1998 Good Friday Agreement to be reached — an example for us all.
We each have a role to play: genuine, lasting world peace will only be possible as a result of each of us making an effort internally.
HHDL’s message “After Sept. 11, yearning for peaceful co-existence”
The increasing recognition that we cannot continue to mistreat our natural environment without serious consequences is a cause for hope.
Update: Live Webcast of His Holiness's teachings 28 Feb 2010 will start approximately at 8:00am.
We cannot change the past, but we can reshape the future. Young people have the opportunity to create a happier, better future
Video of HHDL’s interview for KPBS in San Diego, California, recorded on April 19th, 2012.
If we can refrain from harming others in our everyday actions and words, we can start to give more serious attention to actively doing good.
A person who practices compassion and forgiveness has great inner strength, whereas aggression is usually a sign of weakness.
The purpose of spiritual practice is to effect a transformation in our attitudes; to make our minds more positive.
We have to build a better, more equal world through peace and non-violence.
We can solve many problems in an appropriate way, without any difficulty, if we cultivate harmony, friendship and respect for one another.
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren’t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
As soon as I wake up in the morning, I remind myself that nothing exists as it appears. Then I think about sentient beings who want happiness, but experience suffering. I generate compassion for them, determined to help them as much as I can to eliminate their negative emotions.
Using harsh words reflects narrow-mindedness—to be happy and joyful we need friends. Friendship is based on trust and treating others kindly
In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is take care of others.
On World Environment Day — global responsibility and a proper inner environment within each of us will contribute to the conservation and protection of our common mother, the Earth, ensuring the survival of life as we know it, in all its diversity, beauty and sustainability.
In today’s world, despite ample material development, too many lack inner peace. One way to counter anger, jealousy and competitiveness is to cultivate non-violence and compassion towards others.
There is no fortitude like patience, just as there is no destructive emotion worse than hatred. Therefore, practice patience and tolerance.
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
Photos of HHDL at the Peace Conference for Youth 2010 held in Osaka, Japan, on November 7th.
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual, and from there it can expand to one's family, to one's neighborhood, to one's community and so on.
I belong to the 20th century generation, while many of you belong to the 21st century. What’s past is past, we can’t change it, but we can learn from it. What is clear is that the future of humanity is in our hands.
The huge gap between rich and poor, globally and within nations, is not only morally wrong; it is also a source of practical problems.
An authentic attitude of compassion doesn't change, even faced with another person's negative behavior.
Look at the world today—violence is rife, weapons proliferate and countries eagerly pursue arms sales. This is a wrong approach. There are other ways to make money. The world needs non-violence and compassion, not in terms of prayers, but as spurs to a different course of action.
HHDL talks about solving conflicts through dialogue at the University of Washington in Seattle on 14 April 2008.
In order to use human intelligence properly our mind should be calm.
A genuine change must first come from within the individual, only then can he or she attempt to make a significant contribution to humanity.
As a result of material development and modern education, people commonly seek happiness in external things, but neglect their minds. True, lasting happiness depends on our taming our unruly minds. This is not so much about intellectual development as cultivating a warm heart.
If we have no inner peace, we deceive ourselves into thinking that comfort and prosperity will bring happiness.
Everyone can practise non-violence, it only calls for determination. If you succeed, it will open the way to a far more peaceful world.
Not only do we inherently possess the potential for compassion but I believe that the basic, underlying nature of human beings is gentleness
Compassion is a true source of happiness.
My message is always the same: to cultivate and practice love, kindness, compassion and tolerance.
HHDL placing vases around the completed Kalachakra Sand Mandala in Bodh Gaya, India, on January 6, 2012.
We can develop patience and change our attitudes through steady practice - the human mind has such potential.
I think that cultivating positive mental states like kindness and compassion definitely leads to better psychological health and happiness.
When you are concerned for the welfare of others, bullying and exploitation cease.
It is possible to use our intelligence and extend our compassion to others, including even our enemies.
HHDL live from Ireland - April 13 Dublin 9:45am (GMT+1) & Kildare 1:45. April 14 University of Limerick 9:20am.
Live: HHDL teaches on Shantideva's "A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life" from Dharamsala, India, September 4-6
Where love of one's neighbor, affection, kindness, and compassion live, we find that ethical conduct is automatic.
Traditional Tibetan New Year prayers with HHDL on the Main Tibetan Temple rooftop in Dharamsala, India, on Feb 22.
Always embrace the common humanity that lies at the heart of us all.
There's an intimate connection between love and compassion, on the one hand, and genuine happiness, on the other. The indispensability of compassion touches us all, from the very first day of our lives, when we're wholly dependent on the love of our mother or some other caregiver
Live: May 4th HHDL from California - Amnesty International Award at 10am & public talk at UC Irvine at 1:30pm
Taking care of our planet, is a matter of looking after our own home. We can no longer exploit the earth’s resources—the trees, water, air and minerals—with no care for the coming generations. I support young people’s protests at governments’ inaction over the climate crisis.
Live: HHDL's teaching on 60 Stanzas of Reasoning &amp; Path of the Stages of Enlightenment from India on Sept 30 - Oct 3
It is my hope that the twenty-first century will be a century when a more caring, responsible, and compassionate humanity will emerge.
Negative thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. In fact, when we think properly, it is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
In today’s materialistic world there is a risk of people becoming slaves to money, as though they were simply cogs in a huge money-making machine. This does nothing for human dignity, freedom, and genuine well-being. Wealth should serve humanity, and not the other way around.
Live Webcast: HHDL’s 78th birthday celebrations from Sera Monastery in Bylakuppe, India on July 6th at 9am IST.
Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively.
In our daily lives, mindfulness, a more holistic and compassionate attitude helps us keep our peace of mind; it’s good for our health too.
New book by HHDL - "Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World"
HHDL is in Rishikesh, India, today to participate in activities associated with his commitment to promote religious harmony.
Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others' well-being. On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so.
HHDL to lead Newark Peace Summit in Newark, NJ, (USA) May 13-14th 2011. 3 Day conference on power of non-violence.
The ultimate source of a happy life is the attention we pay to our inner values.
What’s truly of value in life? what gives our lives meaning? We weren't born to cause trouble or harm. To be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities---warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life will become happier and more meaningful.
Developing a sense of universal responsibility helps us to become sensitive to all others, not just those closest to us.
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn’t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can’t do that, at least not harming them.
To utilize our intelligence correctly a calm mind is very important.
The more people learn to tackle their afflictive emotions, the more individuals will achieve peace of mind, and the more individuals achieve inner peace, the greater are the prospects for peace in the world.
The quality of what we do depends on our motivation, which is why we have to learn how to cultivate a compassionate mind.
It is vital that our younger generations, the guardians of our future, develop strong awareness concerning the futility of war.
My mother was undoubtedly one of the kindest people I have ever known. She was truly wonderful and was loved, I am certain, by all who knew her. She was very compassionate and felt concern for everyone, glad to give food to others even if it meant she went hungry herself.
Essay by HHDL "Countering Stress and Depression" originally published by Hindustan Times, India, on January 3rd, 2011.
If you develop care and concern for others, you’ll develop a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.
It’s not enough to pray for peace of mind, we have to examine what’s disturbing us and eliminate it. In the same way, just wishing to be well won’t cure physical illness; you have to adopt the preventive measures and take the prescribed medicine.
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear recognition of our shared status as human beings.
Live: HHDL teaches the Diamond Sutra August 28-29, 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-3:30pm IndianStandardTime(GMT+5.30)
His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers condolences to the family of fellow Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai.
I would like to say that the very root of respect for human rights and nonviolence is love and kindness to others
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Education needs to be combined with a sincere, compassionate motivation. When intelligence and warm-heartedness are combined, individuals will be happier and more at peace with themselves, their families will benefit and as a result the wider community will benefit too.
When we develop a sense of concern for others' well-being then the very basis of anger is no longer there.
My dedication is to serve the 7 billion human beings on this planet and the other creatures with whom we share it. If you can, help and serve others, but if you can’t at least don’t harm them; then in the end you will feel no regret.
I don’t like formality. There’s no formality when we’re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.
Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ. "The Centrality of Compassion in Human Life and Society" Oct 14 at 9:30-11am PDT
Optimism does not mean being blind to the actual reality of a situation. It means maintaining a positive spirit to continue to seek a solution to any given problem. And it means recognizing that any given situation has many different aspects—positive as well as problematic.
We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.
To meet this century’s challenges, human beings need a greater sense of universal responsibility.
HHDL will speak at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet in Vienna, Austria, on May 26th.
The moment you think of others, your mind widens.
We have to learn how to use our time properly. It's important to make our lives meaningful. Bullying and cheating others may give a short-term return, but leaves a nagging sense of unease. Money doesn't yield real satisfaction, whereas compassion does.
If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively.
The Office of His Holiniess the Dalai Lama has released ‘Dalai Lama’, a new iPhone App now available for download at the Apple App Store  With Dalai Lama stay up to date with what His Holiness is doing, his travels, and his teachings.
Cultivating warm-heartedness and compassion is something we can all do.
As human beings, we are all the same, there is no need to build some kind of artificial barrier between us.
Religious people pray for peace, but prayer alone is not enough, what will bring peace in the world is people cultivating peace of mind.
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become.
Being too self-centred can give rise to anxiety and depression. An effective antidote is to cultivate a sense of altruism, taking the whole of humanity into account. Appreciating the oneness of humanity leads us to recognise our essential equality as human beings.
Love gives rise to peace and happiness within us, which we then bring to the world in which we live.
His Holiness Sends His Condolences to the People of Chile
If you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If  people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy.
When we disarm internally by countering negative emotions and cultivating positive qualities, we create conditions for external disarmament.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "Stages of the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25.
Live Webcast: HHDL’s talk on “Compassion as the Pillar of World Peace” from Indianapolis, Indiana, USA on June 25th.
Tackling destructive emotions and practicing loving-kindness is how we should live in the here and now. I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
Live Webcast: HHDL in a discussion on Ancient Indian Philosophy &amp; Modern Sciences from Dharamsala, India on April 29
What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense.
The more you nurture a feeling of loving-kindness, the happier and calmer you will be.
Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster.
Live webcasts: HHDL will teach on “A Guide to the Bodhisattva’s Way of Life” from Dharamsala, India, on Aug 30 - Sep 1
If we are truly concerned about the environment, we must think not only for this generation, but for future generations as well.
I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
Watch video of Time Magazine's interview "Ten Questions for the Dalai Lama" originally published in June 2010.
Unfortunate events, though potentially a source of anger and despair, have equal potential to be a source of spiritual growth.
Live Webcast from Dharamsala teachings by HHDL, Oct 4-7, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30
Today's children are hugely important, our hopes for the future lie in their hands and rest on their shoulders.
Peace in the world relies on individuals finding inner peace.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
Be a kind and compassionate person. This is the inner beauty that is a key factor to making a better world.
Making others happy is not a question of sacrificing our own happiness. Trying to make others happy, even when we do not always succeed, is a source of great satisfaction. Anger and hatred are signs of weakness, while compassion is a sure sign of strength.
Watch: HHDL talks about the benefits of a calm mind during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on September 8th.
HHDL's advice to graduating students during the Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Convocation ceremony in New Delhi, India on April 23, 2018.
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. Keeping in mind that it is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends, compassion is the key to ensuring our own well-being.
All the major religious traditions carry the message of love, compassion and forgiveness.
Religion is about cultivating a more peaceful mind, so it’s disappointing if it becomes a source of conflict. Our traditions share a common message of love and compassion, patience and tolerance. If we also remember the advice about forgiveness, there’ll be no basis for conflict.
A true friendship develops on the basis of genuine human affection, not money or power.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks, teachings and discussions from Lithuania and the Czech Republic on September 12-16.
Prayer by itself is not sufficient to bring about peace of mind. What is much more effective is coming to understand the workings of the mind and learning how to tackle the mental afflictions that disturb it.
Friends and enemies do not exist as such; friendship and enmity depend on many factors, of which the primary one is our own mental attitude.
Live: HHDL teaches on "37 Practices of a Bodhisattva" & "Middling Stages" from Dharamsala, India on March 14-15
We have two kinds of emotion, those that are destructive, like anger and jealousy, which destroy our peace of mind and damage our health. But we also have other constructive emotions, like compassion, that bring us inner strength.
Developing concern for others, thinking of them as part of ‘us’, brings self-confidence, reduces our sense of suspicion and mistrust, and enables us to develop a calm mind. This is important, because a calm mind can help us better cope with physical discomfort and other problems.
Inaugural Desmond Tutu Peace Lecture: HHDL with Archbishop Tutu by live video link in South Africa, October 8, 10:30am.
We are social animals, we have a natural concern for other members of our community. It's they on whom our lives depend. This is why we need to teach our children about their emotions and how to tackle those that are destructive. Our aim is a community of healthy human beings.
HHDL speaks about the oneness of humanity in this clip from his talk in Inverness, Scotland, given on June 23, 2012.
The whole purpose of engaging in the practice of patience is to become stronger in mind, stronger in heart.
Above all, we should remember that as long as we retain the capacity of concern for others, the potential for transformation remains.
Watch HHDL's Tibetan New Year's Message recorded in Rochester, Minnesota, USA on February 4th.
Live: HHDL's teaching on 8 Verses of Mind Training and discussion on well-being from Madison, WI, USA on March 8-9.
Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there’s no room for cheating, bullying or exploitation.
Serving and helping others out of compassion is non-violence in action.
Remember that calmness and compassion are an important part of living a fruitful, positive human life.
The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.
I would like to congratulate the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) on being awarded this year's Nobel Peace Prize for its efforts to combat hunger and improve conditions for peace in regions of conflict.
Genuine friends come only on the basis of warm-heartedness.
As well as refraining from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.
Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of others—always a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.
As human beings, all 7 billion of us are born the same way and die the same way. Physically, mentally and emotionally we are the same. We all want to live a happy life and avoid problems, but in a materialistic culture we overlook the importance of love and affection.
My message is the practice of compassion, love and kindness. Great compassion is the root of all forms of worship.
HHDL making his way around the Mahabodhi Temple (site of the Buddha's enlightenment) on the final day of his visit to Bodhgaya, Bihar, India on January 17, 2020. (Photo by Tenizn Choejor)
We have a marvellous brain, but have to use it properly. It's scientific to be sceptical, to research and experiment. An approach I admire.
We must generate courage equal to the size of the difficulties we face.
If we have peace of mind, we’ll always feel happy. Deceiving ourselves that money is the source of happiness, we won’t.
Video of HHDL speaking in New Delhi on March 21st at the final event of the Thank You India program.
Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others is the ultimate source of success in life.
This planet is our only home; we are all responsible for taking care of it. I’m happy to see leaders now taking climate change seriously.
Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teachings &amp; talks from Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut, USA, on October 16-19.
An inflated sense of self-importance deflects us from the inner peace and happiness we seek and affects those around us negatively.
It’s harmful to employ technology fired by anger and hatred. It can only be beneficial if we’re motivated to seek the welfare of all beings.
Having a more compassionate attitude helps you communicate more easily with your fellow human beings.
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give.
All good qualities must be sown and cultivated. We can’t expect to change overnight from an ordinary person into one with high realizations.
A compassionate person creates a warm, relaxed atmosphere of welcome and understanding around him.
The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren’t born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others.
Genuine compassion—unbiased and not mixed with attachment—is a source of genuine human happiness.
Webcast: His Holiness Meets with South Florida Media
Love, compassion and concern for others are real sources of happiness.
True compassion is impartial and bears with it a feeling of responsibility for the welfare and happiness of others.
For me the best introduction is the human face. When I see two eyes, one mouth, one nose, I know I’m dealing with another human being like me. I’m like those young children who don’t care about their companions’ background so long as they smile and are willing to play.
Watch: HHDL delivers the Opening Prayer at the US Senate on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on March 6th.
Photos: Visit to Los Angeles 2010
Live Webcast: HHDL and Rev. Dada J.P. Vaswani, hosted by Aamir Khan from Pune, India on July 28th.
We are all part of the human community.
I am increasingly convinced that the time has come to find a way of thinking about spirituality and ethics beyond religion altogether.
A spiritual practice is a constant battle within, replacing previous negative conditioning or habituation with new positive conditioning.
Whether we like it or not, we're all connected, and it is unthinkable to be happy all by oneself.
As a human being, I am committed to the promotion of what I call basic human values, by which I mean especially compassion. Nurturing the compassionate seed within us and acting out of this innate capacity are the keys to fulfilling our basic aspiration to happiness.
Watch "Compassion and the Role of Women" - HHDL's remarks to a group of women about their role in promoting human values during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on March 9, 2018.
Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it.
I like to point out that our nature is basically compassionate because we are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection.
Only through kindness and love can peace of mind be achieved.
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.
In the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. Each one of us has a responsibility to help guide our global family in the right direction. Good wishes are not sufficient; we must become actively engaged.
If you set out to cheat and deceive others you’ll be tense and anxious in case you’re found out. But if you live your life and conduct your business on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence that is also a source of inner strength
Video clip of HHDL speaking to some Vietnamese Buddhists last Sunday on peace of mind from a Buddhist perspective.
This Earth Day we need a greater sense of global responsibility based on our belonging to one human family.
When tragedy or misfortune comes our way, if we can shift our focus away from self and toward others, we experience a freeing effect.
Fear and anxiety easily give way to anger and violence. The opposite of fear is trust, which, related to warm-heartedness, boosts our self-confidence. Compassion also reduces fear, reflecting as it does a concern for others’ well-being. This is what really attracts friends.
To increase our altruism, we must motivate ourselves to take into consideration the effects of our actions both in the present and future.
Photo of HHDL taking part in his first video conference with 3 prominent Chinese intellectuals on January 4, 2011.
I always consider that the shape of the future is in our hands. The past is past and can’t be changed, but the future has not yet arrived. Young people have the opportunity and responsibility to shape it by creating a better world.
Even a small act of compassion grants meaning and purpose to our lives.
HHDL offers his condolences to the people of Poland for the loss of President Kaczynski and all the others who died in the tragic air crash.
if we try to secure the well-being of others, we will, at the same time, create the conditions for our own.
As human beings we essentially belong to the same family and we have to think of each other as part of ‘us’. To develop peace in the world, we have to educate people to understand that we are all the same in being human.
Open hearts encourage a sense of security and trust that is the basis of genuine friendship, which is to everyone's benefit.
All individuals are equal in that every one of us instinctively seeks happiness and avoids suffering.
It is important to understand that between you and others, others are more important because they are far more numerous.
If we make consistent effort, based on proper education, we can change the world.
Because of our intelligence we human beings are uniquely capable not only of creating problems, but of doing so on a large scale. Therefore, it is important that we use our intelligence in constructive ways. That’s what warm-heartedness and concern for others lead us to do.
Live Webcast: HHDL will teach on the Jataka Tales from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on the "Heart Sutra" &amp; "37 Practices of Bodhisattvas" from Riga, Latvia on May 5-6
Inner peace helps sustain good health, gives rise to happy individuals, happy families, happy communities and ultimately a happy humanity.
We need to develop a sense of equanimity towards all living beings, expressed through the ability to relate to all others equally.
Watch: HHDL meet with the press at Emory University on October 17th, 2010.
Cultivating a genuine sense of concern for others’ well-being is the basis for the trust that makes happiness and friendship possible.
My hope and wish is that one day, formal education will pay attention to what I call “education of the heart.”
If developing qualities like love, compassion, generosity and patience, is to be effective, we must put them into practice in our daily life
Universal concern is essential in solving global problems.
As compassion grows stronger, so does your commitment to the welfare of all beings, even if you have to act alone.
Climate change affects everyone, all nations, not just one or two. Consider it a global issue; national interests will automatically be met.
Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL’s teachings and talks during his visit to Switzerland on April 13-16.
The message of love and compassion will travel far and wide if all who follow a spiritual path work together in harmony and mutual respect.
Photos: His Holiness in Florida 2010
Ideas may travel from the top down, but the movements that put them into effect have to work from the bottom up. I am encouraged to see young people trying to bring about positive change. Confident because their efforts are based on truth and reason—therefore they will succeed.
HHDL is welcomed on his arrival in Osaka on October 29th, at the start of a ten day visit to Japan.
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to base all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Dharamsala, India, on December 19th and 20th (in English, Russian and Tibetan).
In our daily life, tolerance and patience have great benefits: developing them will allow us to sustain and maintain our presence of mind.
Compassion, tolerance, forgiveness and a sense of self-discipline are qualities that help us lead our daily lives with a calm mind.
Economic inequality, especially that between developed and developing nations, remains the greatest source of suffering on this planet.
I am often asked whether I am optimistic for the future of humanity. My simple answer is yes.
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
You can't buy inner peace or wisdom with money. You have to create them within yourself.
The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often quite well-educated, so it is not just education that we need. What we need is to pay attention to inner values.
It is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
What we do need to do is to find ways to incorporate advice about warm-heartedness into our education system.
No amount of legislation or coercion can accomplish the well-being of society, as it depends on the inner attitude of its members.
Live Audio Webcast: HHDL's teaching from Drepung Monastery in South India, Feb 1-2, 9-11am IndianStandardTime
Enemies teach us inner strength, courage and determination.
We need to consider how our actions, in affecting the environment, are likely to affect others.
Dalai Lama Says Loves China Despite 'Suppression'
Violence is not so much about the use of weapons as about the motive we have in our hearts. External disarmament will only be achieved if we first achieve inner disarmament. World peace will only be won on the basis of inner peace — achieving that is our #PeaceDayChallenge
If you make your best effort to be kinder, nurture compassion, make the world a better place, then you can say 'At least I've done my best’.
As human beings, we have a common responsibility to build a more peaceful society.
Peace of mind is the basis of a healthy body and a healthy mind; so peace of mind, a calm mind, is very, very important.
Once you encourage the thought of compassion in your mind, once it becomes active, then your attitude towards others changes automatically.
Live: HHDL's talk on "Embracing the Beauty of Diversity in our World" from UC San Diego on June 16th.
HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala on October 19 for those who died or were injured in recent protests in Tibet.
A real sense of concern for others breeds trust, which in turn leads to friendship and a sense of security.
It is important to consider others at least as important as ourselves. This is the essence of spirituality.
As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust. And trust grows when we show real concern for others’ well-being.
Live webcast: HHDL's public talk  from Lund, Sweden, on April 16th, 1:45pm (GMT+2Hours).
Live: Conference with HHDL - "Ecology, Ethics and Interdependence" - from Dharamsala, India, on October 17-21.
HHDL comforts a young boy who lost his parents to the tsunami last March in Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th.
Even modern medical researchers have come to the conclusion that peace of mind is vital for good health.
If we develop a good heart, then whether the field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is important these will all improve
People inflict pain on others in their selfish pursuit of happiness and satisfaction. Yet true happiness comes from a sense of brotherhood and sisterhood. We need to cultivate a sense of universal responsibility for one another and the planet we share.
When we are committed to honesty, we help reduce the level of misunderstanding, doubt, and fear throughout society.
The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
It is in the nature of the mind that the more we cultivate and familiarize ourselves with positive emotions, the more powerful they become.
Live webcast of Long Life Prayer for HHDL April 27th at 8:30am IST (GMT+5.30).
If you show concern for others and respect for their rights you will establish trust; and trust is the basis of friendship.
Let’s reflect on what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. We need to be positive. We weren't born to cause trouble or to do harm to others. For life to be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion.
Idealistic as it may sound, altruism should be the driving force in business, not just competition and a desire for wealth.
Achieving genuine happiness may require bringing about a transformation in your outlook and way of thinking.
We can achieve peace of mind if we tackle our destructive emotions, so the goal of making the 21st century an era of peace and compassion is feasible. It will involve finding solutions to problems in dialogue, not the use of force.
Live: HHDL teaches Shantideva’s Guide and Kamalashila’s Middle Stages from Sarnath, India, on Jan 12-16, 2011.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Thanks Switzerland
The distinction between violence and non-violence lies less in the nature of the action and more in the motivation with which it is done.
Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.
Only the inner protection of patience can keep us from experiencing the turmoil of negative thoughts and emotions.
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us. Therefore it’s important to promote the idea of the oneness of humanity, that in being human we are all the same.
I think human nature is basically good: though we have jealousy and hatred, our dominant characteristics seem to be affection and kindness.
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.
Through love, kindness and compassion we establish understanding between ourselves and others; this is how we forge unity and harmony.
There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.
A Healthy Mind for a Healthy Body - HHDL speaks about the importance of peace of mind at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on October 17, 2018.
It is vital that when we educate our children’s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.
Compassion and concern for others are the key to human survival. People with no interest in religion sometimes disregard qualities like patience and compassion, which they associate with religious practice. In fact, they are relevant to anyone who wishes to live a happy life.
Kindness and a good heart are the underlying foundation for success in this life and making progress on the spiritual path.
The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.
HHDL talks about unbiased compassion during a Q&A session with Thai Buddhists in Dharamsala on March 15th.
Nobel Peace Laureates HHDL and  Aung San Suu Kyi during their meeting in Prague, Czech Republic on September 15th.
We must insist on the observation that my right to happiness carries no more weight than others' similar right.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on Nagarjuna's "Precious Garland" from Dharamsala, India on November 11-13.
We can no longer exploit the resources of this earth—the trees, the water, and other natural resources—without any care for coming generations. Common sense tells us that unless we change, we won’t survive. This Earth Day let’s resolve to live in harmony with nature.
How We Create Problems for Ourselves - HHDL talks about how human beings create problems for themselves during his meeting with medical students from Tulane University in the USA at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 17, 2019.
It is vital that when educating our children’s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts.
When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment.
HHDL in a playful mood with comedian Russell Brand in during an event for young people in Manchester, UK, June 16.
Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society
A sense of contentment is a key factor for attaining happiness.
Education today needs not only to develop our intelligence, but also to support basic human values of warm-heartedness and compassion.
The purpose of education is to build a happier society, we need a more holistic approach that promotes the practice of love and compassion.
Live webcasts of HHDL’s teaching and public talk from Toulouse, France, on August 13-15.
Live Webcast: HHDL welcomes Archbishop Desmond Tutu to Dharamsala, India, on February 10 at 10:30-11:30am Indian Time
To be extremely self-centred, only interested in your own satisfaction, always brings negative consequences in the long run.
Striving gradually to be more compassionate is to develop genuine sympathy for others’ suffering and the will to help remove their pain.
The goal of happier human beings living together, supporting each other, in a more peaceful world, is, I believe, something we can achieve.
The more we expand our focus to include others' interests alongside our own, the more securely we build the foundations of our own happiness
Live Webcast: HHDL's one day teaching on "Three Principal Aspects of the Path" in Dharamsala, India on November 11.
Women have been shown to be more sensitive to others' suffering, whereas, warriors celebrated for killing their opponents are almost always men. We need to see more women in leadership roles and more closely involved in education about compassion. #InternationalWomensDay
His Holiness the Dalai Lama's 85th Birthday Message
Live: HHDL’s talks and dialogues from Madison, Wisconsin and New Orleans, Louisiana on May 15-18, 2013.
I believe all 7 billion human beings alive today are part of one human family. We are born and die in the same way. And what is most precious in our relations with others is warm-heartedness. It yields the peace of mind and inner strength that are fundamental to a happy community
With money you can't buy wisdom, you can't buy inner peace. Wisdom and inner peace must be created by yourself.
Wealth may contribute to our happiness, but it's not the most important factor; by itself wealth fails to bring us deep inner satisfaction.
The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.
In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
There will be a live webcast of the ceremony on 10th March at 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05).
As human beings we are all responsible for each other; we all have the potential to be kind and affectionate.
You may control people physically by force, but you won’t change their hearts and minds—that requires trust and friendship.
Young children are naturally honest, open and appreciate affection. Some scientists say that human beings are social animals with a natural concern for their own community. We see this among children. When they are young, they are naturally kind.
One aspect of compassion is respect for others’ rights and views - it is the basis of reconciliation.
If we adopt a conscious discipline we can weaken a negative emotion, such as anger, by encouraging its antidote, love and compassion.
HHDL talks about his commitment to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness in a clip from Chicago, July 18, 2011
In working for the good of humanity I don't think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world, because we all survive in dependence on others.
HHDL talks about nonviolence at the Mahatma Gandhi International Award for Reconciliation & Peace ceremony on Jan 4.
To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.
We all like to be around kind people; their peaceful, relaxed nature puts us at ease.
Meet hostility and suspicion with kindness. Helping others out of love is always the best option.
I often tease young people about their concern for how they look; more important is inner beauty - compassion, affection and respect.
On a simple level we find that if we have a compassionate heart we naturally have more friends.
Live: Mind &amp; Life XXVII Conference - Desire, Craving and Addiction with HHDL from Dharamsala, India on Oct 28 - Nov 1
Human beings are social animals and it is love that brings us together, while anger drives us apart. To live more peacefully and joyfully in our day to day lives, we need a warm heart.
We need material development, but we need to understand that by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind.
The more we succeed in training our hearts and minds through cultivating spiritual qualities, the better our ability to cope with adversity.
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
HHDL's talk "The Power of Women" given in New Delhi, India, on December 2, 2011.
Everyone can understand from natural experience and common sense that affection is crucial from the day of birth; it is the basis of life.
Every morning when I wake up, I dedicate myself to helping others to find peace of mind. Then, when I meet people, I think of them as long term friends; I don't regard others as strangers.
By developing a sense of concern for others' well-being, then no matter what others' attitudes are, you can keep inner peace.
If you’re angry and resentful it’s like being part of a chain reaction; forgiveness puts a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge.
Nonviolence is not a sign of weakness, but rather one of self-confidence and courage.
Compassion is a feeling from deep in the heart that you cannot bear someone else's suffering without taking steps to relieve it.
HHDL talks about making the most of each new day in this clip from his 76th birthday celebrations on July 6
When we wish to help others and try to do so, our attitude is more positive and relationships become easier.
Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness.
For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities – warmth, kindness, and compassion.
Once you realize that compassion is useful, that it is something really worthwhile, you immediately develop a willingness to cultivate it.
To make this a century of dialogue we need to find ways to promote a greater awareness of the oneness of humanity.
Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions.
Live: In honor of HHDL's 80th year, friends and supporters will gather in New Delhi to celebrate on January 4th.
Former Captain of the Indian National Cricket Team Sachin Tendulkar and HHDL enjoy meeting each other at the latter’s residence in Dharamsala, India on May 3, 2018. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor)
When you have a more compassionate mind, everything appears to you in a more positive light. If we employ our human intelligence with warm-heartedness, it creates a happy atmosphere and fosters a happy community.
Whether technology's effect is good or bad depends on the user. It's important that we shouldn't be slaves to technology; it should help us.
When we talk about happiness, we must think in terms of peace of mind, which is a real source of joy.
We won’t bring about peace in the world merely by praying for it; we have to take steps to tackle the violence and corruption that disrupt peace. We can’t expect change if we don’t take action.
HHDL presents Cardinal Theodore Edgar McCarrick with a "souvenir", a Buddha statue, in Washington DC on July 14th.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
I feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others, it brings you inner strength.
To have true friends and be loved by them, we must in turn feel love and sympathy for others.
A meaningful life isn't about acquiring money and other facilities; it’s about dedicating your life to helping others as much as you can.
Self-centredness creates a distance from others, leading to dishonesty, fear and anger. This is how disturbing emotions work. While fear, hatred and anger, are bad for our health, concern for others leads to self-confidence and inner strength, while helping to reduce anger.
HHDL wins the 2012 Templeton Prize, honored for encouraging scientific research and harmony among religions  #tempprize
Short video clip of HHDL talking about the importance of compassion in New Delhi, India, on November 19th.
The practice of non-violence is still rather experimental on our planet, but its pursuit, based on love and understanding, is sacred.
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. Despite all of the things that differentiate us – race, language, religion, gender, wealth and so on – we are all equal concerning our fundamental humanity.
Regarding other human beings as our brothers and sisters can make our lives happier and more meaningful. Some people think that when we cultivate compassion and affection for others only they benefit—in fact, we ourselves derive great benefit and satisfaction from such conduct
Having a compassionate attitude is the ultimate basis for living a happy life.
When we act under the influence of negative thoughts and emotions, we become oblivious to the impact our actions have on others.
Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.
HHDL sends video birthday greetings on the occasion of Archbishop Desmond Tutu's 80th birthday on October 7th.
We need not only a trained intelligence, but also a warm heart. Then a sense of community and a sense of responsibility will arise naturally
If love is defined as a wish that others be happy and compassion as the wish that they be free from suffering, and you cultivate love and compassion within yourself, it will ensure happiness, good health and peace of mind.
Wealth should serve humanity, not vice versa.
We have to make a special effort to think of each other as fellow human beings, as our brothers and sisters.
Live Webcast: HHDL's talk "The Culture of Compassion" from Riga, Latvia on September 9th starting at 1:30pm CEST
His Holiness the Dalai Lama's concern about events in Burma
My aim has been to appeal for an approach to ethics based on universal rather than religious principles.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama congratulates the new Pope
Thank you from HHDL for greetings and good wishes on the occasion of his 81st birthday.
When our intentions are good, we are stronger and have greater self-confidence.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and teachings live from Manchester, England, June 16th-18th.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on February 21, 2014.
It’s our responsibility to work with vision, determination and wisdom to create a happier, more peaceful world. We need to take action, while respecting others and their needs, considering all 7 billion human beings alive today as belonging to one human family. #PeaceDayChallenge
We need to pay more attention to the inner values that are the key to our happiness.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrives in Slovenia
Each major religion has its own spirit and character. There is no one religion appropriate for every type of people..
Live Webcast: HHDL will bestow the Medicine Buddha Empowerment from Dharamsala, India on March 31st.
With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
I believe that if we make an effort to develop peace of mind within ourselves and cultivate a proper appreciation of the oneness of humanity, we can create a happier, more peaceful world. What we need is common sense—the positive use of intelligence—and warm-heartedness.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
I don’t think human affection and compassion are just religious concerns; they’re indispensable factors in our day-to-day lives.
The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.
When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity.
Ask yourselves now and then, "How can I contribute to human beings being happier and more at peace?"
I have no hesitation in supporting initiatives that help protect the environment. This is a question of survival because this beautiful blue planet is our only home.
Live webcast: HHDL’s talk on “The Genuine Source of Happiness” from Milan, Italy on October 22nd.
Insofar as the destructive effects of anger and hateful thoughts are concerned, one cannot get protection from wealth nor education. The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.
HHDL's "A Talk for World Peace" at the West Lawn of the US Capitol in Washington DC on July 9 at 9:30am, free admission
Video in support of Mandela Day (appearance by HHDL). Join in helping to perpetuate Nelson Mandela's legacy.
From the archives: Watch Betty Nguyen of CNN interview HHDL in Florida on February 24th, 2010.
Every world religion, whatever its philosophical view, is founded on the precept that we must reduce our selfishness and serve others.
Peace can only be achieved through non-violence. This is something we have to train and educate our children to put into effect.
Even our personal virtues, such as patience and our sense of ethics, are all developed in dependence upon others.
The young people of this 21st century represent our planet now. They have the ability to bring about change. Even as climate change increases in intensity, they can work together in the spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood to find and share solutions. They are our real hope.
We can benefit others through our actions by being warm and generous toward them, by being charitable, and by helping those in need.
Unlike physical progress, which is subject to natural restrictions, the qualities of the mind can be developed limitlessly.
I’m Tibetan, I’m Buddhist and I’m the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people.
As a human brother I'm committed to letting people know that we all possess the seeds of love and compassion.
Photos of HHDL's visit to Bhopal, India, yesterday, March 17th.
If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them.
Anger cannot coexist with inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness.
The practice of love can be expressed in one sentence: ‘Do not harm others’.
HHDL talks about healthy mind and body in this short clip from his talk at The College of William &amp; Mary, October 10.
HHDL talks about our common humanity in a short clip from his talk to students in Yokohama, Japan, on June 24th.
Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our daily lives.
HHDL watching students debate during their examinations at Rato Monastery in Mundgod, India, on January 31, 2011.
Photos: His Holiness in Florida 2010 Images updated
We need to strike a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved on the basis of love and compassion.
Here and now in the 21st century, with the help of what scientists have learned about the brain, we need to learn how to achieve peace of mind. This is crucial, since world peace can only be built by individuals who are at peace with themselves.
A more peaceful world and a more peaceful century require that we rely not on weapons but on developing a widespread inner peace.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama prays for the loss of life caused by floods in Pakistan, India, and landslides in Drugchu
Watch HHDL's message to the Mind &amp; Life meeting on Spirituality, Science and Humanity held in Botswana on August 17.
Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.
As human beings, equipped with marvellous intelligence and the potential for developing a warm heart, each of us can become a force for good
We seek happiness in external things without realizing that they don’t help when we have problems within. We need to focus instead on the joy that comes with peace of mind that allows us to remain happy whatever happens.
The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being.
HHDL visits Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, on October 17-19. Event and live webcast information at
I feel that a sense of compassion is the most precious thing there is.
New from our archive, CNN's Richard Quest interviews HHDL at his residence in Dharamsala on 28 January 2006.
A source of trouble is that our minds are unruly. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy. It’s important to be warm-hearted rather than selfish. We’ll be less sick, live longer and have more friends here and now.
The more contact we have with one another and the more we come to understand each other’s values, the greater will be our mutual respect.
An open heart is an open mind.
Reliable and genuine discipline comes not from repression, but from an understanding of all the whys and wherefores of our actions.
Despite the superficial differences between us, we need to have a sense that all 7 billion human beings belong to one human family.
The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion - it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength
If you serve others as fully as you can, what you do will be a source of inner joy.
If you restrain from wrong-doing, people will see you as a friend and you’ll be happy. When people are powerful and wealthy, but dishonest, people don’t like them, even if they don’t show it to their faces. If you do good, you’ll have friends and when you’re gone you’ll be missed
Watch HHDL live from the University of Arkansas, USA, on May 11 at  9:30am and at 1:30pm CDT.
Let us cultivate love and compassion, both of which give true meaning to life.
Photos: Democracy Service Medal 2010
We need to understand that material development by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind. This can only be developed within the mind.
Warm-heartedness and concern for others’ well-being are a condition for happiness, whether you are religious or not.
Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL’s teachings and talks during his visit to Australia on June 14-23.
There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings.
The greatest threat we face today is violence.
Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and dialogues from Boston and New York City on October 31st to November 5th.
Overcoming negative tendencies and enhancing positive potential are the very essence of the spiritual path.
We must recognize the great capacity we all have within.
Don't blame others for your uneasy feelings; blame your own state of mind. This is why altruism  brings you greater peace of mind.
Friends are made on the basis of trust and trust only grows if you are kind to people.
Today, let us wish each other a Happy New Year, but also that we may make it meaningful.
Transcript of the video conference with His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Chinese Activists held on January 4th, 2011.
Live webcast of Long Life Offering to His Holiness, 2 March, approx. 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05:30)
As well as restraining ourselves from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.
Since universal compassion involves gradually expanding one’s circle of concern to the whole of humanity, it needs constant cultivation.
Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But still we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time.
Just as we encourage physical hygiene to preserve our health, we also need a sense of emotional or mental hygiene too.
When I speak about love and compassion, I don't do so as a Buddhist, or a Tibetan, or as the Dalai Lama, but as one human being to another.
HHDL talks about realistic compassion in a clip from his talk given at the University of Hawaii on April 15, 2012.
As a human being I am committed to trying to share with others that we are social creatures, because of which, whether we are religious believers or not, we need a sense of concern for others’ well-being.
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
HHDL left Dharamsala today for Bhopal, India where he will speak on human rights and universal responsibility tomorrow at the State Assembly
In order to exercise creativity, freedom of thought is essential.
The future can be different if we choose to make it so. There is no time for complacency, hope lies in what action we take.
Humanity's thirst for natural resources can only be sustained if we adapt our patterns of consumption. Competition for necessities like water, food and land will inevitably intensify. To meet the challenge of climate change and environmental depletion we must all cooperate.
If we have a good heart and concern for others, our actions will be positive.
The real source of happiness involves one’s state of mind, outlook, and motivation, and one’s level of warmheartedness towards others.
If you conduct your life on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence.
Unbiased love is undoubtedly difficult to generate, but if you practice with determination, day by day your attitude will be transformed.
Scientists declare that it's human nature to be compassionate. All living beings who experience feelings of pleasure and pain ultimately survive as a result of love and compassion. If we human beings help each other, serve each other, with compassion, we'll be happy.
I want to show that there are indeed some universal ethical principles which could help everyone to achieve the happiness we all aspire to.
My number one commitment is to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness.
On a personal level, we all appreciate people who are kind and warm-hearted.
HHDL shaking hands with Dave Matthews onstage at the One World Concert held in Syracuse, NY, USA, on October 9th.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Los Angeles - 21 February 2010
In a materialistically oriented world there isn’t much understanding of the workings of the mind. What’s necessary is to recognise the trouble caused by negative emotions and that we can develop antidotes to them. The antidote to fear and anger is compassion
Wise people serve others, putting the needs of others above their own. The ultimate result will be that you find more happiness.
We need to try and solve problems in a spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood, in a spirit of reconciliation and compromise.
Scientists warn that constant fear and anger are bad for our health, while being compassionate and warm-hearted contributes to our physical and mental well-being. Therefore, just as we observe physical hygiene to stay well, we need to cultivate a kind of emotional hygiene too.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Bestows Ordination Vows
Watch Ann Curry's interview of HHDL on NBC's The Today Show broadcast May 20th, 2010.
Watch: HHDL talks about how we can contribute to a better humanity in this clip from the Mayo Clinic on February 29.
Generate great compassion, and you become a friend to the world.
HHDL greeting the audience at Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Upper Dharamsala, India, on June 4, 2011.
Cultivating inner discipline is something that takes time; expecting rapid results is simply a sign of impatience.
Because of the profoundly interconnected reality of today’s world, we need to relate to the challenges we face as a single human family
Within each of us exists the potential to contribute positively to society. Although one individual among so many on this planet may seem too insignificant, it is our personal efforts that will determine the direction our society is heading.
Practicing altruism is the real source of compromise and cooperation; merely recognizing our need for harmony is not enough.
Some people mistakenly conclude that cultivating compassion is all about others’ benefit, whereas the first benefit is to us. Compassion brings us peace of mind. It attracts friends. Friends are based on trust and trust develops when we show concern for others.
Hope for Humanity - HHDL talks about how to counteract negative emotions by cultivating compassion in this short clip from a talk to Emory University students at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 31, 2019.
It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives.
In order to create a happy century, a peaceful century we must promote the concept of dialogue.
When we have an altruistic motivation, all our actions become constructive.
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it’s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Refraining from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-being and out of respect is non-violence.
Live Webcasts: HHDL introductory teachings on Buddhism for young Tibetans from TCV in Dharamsala, India, June 1-3.
I am saddened by the passing away of Sri Sathya Sai Baba. I offer my condolences and prayers to all his followers, devotees and admirers.
Our body needs peace of mind and is not suited to agitation. This shows that an appreciation for peace of mind is in our blood.
Changing the world is up to us. If each of us tries, the next generation may see a happier, more peaceful world emerge.
Affection, honesty, harmony and non-violence are qualities that yield happiness for individuals, families and society at large.
Since we are increasingly interdependent it's time to develop a sense of global responsibility, to help each other and promote human values.
The Book of Joy by HHDL and Archbishop Desmond Tutu: a conversation with the message that to experience joy, you must bring joy to others.
The future is in the hands of those who belong to the 21st century with the opportunity to build a better humanity by training the mind.
The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart.
To me, all these features that differentiate us, like wealth, position, status, and so on, are secondary. I truly believe we can learn to relate to one another on the basis of our shared humanity. And if individuals can learn to do that, there’ll immediately be a basis for trust.
Wherever I go I talk to people about the need to be aware of the oneness of humanity.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his concern about the flooding in Assam, India in a gesture of solidarity with the people of Assam.
The human capacity to care for others isn’t something trivial or something to be taken for granted. Rather it is something we should cherish
When, from the depths of your heart, you spontaneously wish all beings to find true, lasting happiness, this is great love.
Compassion and love are qualities that are of tremendous importance for the individual, society, and the community at large.
Different religious traditions can live together on the basis of mutual admiration, mutual respect, and learning from each other.
We need awareness of the ways we are connected with others, reflecting on the characteristics we share with others.
If we were to think of other people as our human brothers and sisters, there’d be no room for quarrelling or killing each other.
A great Tibetan teacher of mind training once remarked that one of the mind’s most marvelous qualities is that it can be transformed.
When you have moistened your mind with love, you can begin to meditate on compassion.
It is my fundamental conviction that compassion constitutes a basic aspect of our nature as well as being the foundation of our happiness.
While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters this—and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions.
If we make a steady effort, I think we can overcome any form of negative conditioning and make positive changes in our lives.
Compassion and peace of mind bring a sense of confidence that reduce stress and anxiety.
When we wake up we can remind ourselves - "I need to be happy, I need to have warm feelings towards others."
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.
Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.
Whenever I meet someone I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them.
It would help if there were greater understanding that anger never helps to solve a problem.
Compassion is what makes our lives meaningful.
It is evident that to help others rather than harming them, treating them with love and compassion leads to lasting trust and friendship.
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear realization or recognition of our shared human status.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we’ll not lack inner peace. But if our attitude is negative, influenced by fear, suspicion, or helplessness, even when surrounded by our best friends, in comfortable surroundings, we won’t be happy.
Mentally and emotionally we humans are all the same. We can all feel anger and hatred, but also have the potential to cultivate compassion, forgiveness and tolerance. Since these constructive emotions are supported by reason, we can use our brains to develop and strengthen them.
Webcast: Long Life Offering to His Holiness the Dalai Lama
With inner strength or mental stability, we can endure all kinds of adversity.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama calls of visit to South Africa.
I believe that, fundamentally, human nature is positive, gentle; therefore, the non-violent way is the human way.
A source of trouble is our unruly minds. We can counter that by developing a warm heart. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy.
The enhancement of fundamental values is indispensable to our basic quest for happiness.
The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it.
Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 51st Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day
Through developing an attitude of responsibility toward others, we can begin to create the kinder, more compassionate world we all dream of.
We can teach people how to be happy on the basis of secular ethics, that a compassionate mind is useful, beneficial and secular in nature.
How to Train Our Mind - HHDL explains how to train our mind to tackle destructive emotions in this short video clip from his meeting with a group from India at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on February 11, 2019.
HHDL’'s advice for the New Year delivered during his address at the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies' 50th Anniversary in Sarnath, Varanasi, India on January 1, 2018. His Holiness speaks in Tibetan followed by an English translation.
Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and talks from Leura, Brisbane and Perth, Australia on June 8-14.
The real source of inner joy is to remain truthful and honest.
To the extent that suffering awakens our empathy and causes us to connect with others, it can serve as the basis of compassion and love.
Perhaps the most significant obstruction to inter-religious harmony is a lack of appreciation of the value of others' faith traditions.
If we have respect and concern for other beings, we’ll be able to create an atmosphere of happiness, harmony and real brotherhood
Wonderful spiritual qualities, such as unbounded love and compassion, are present as potentials in all our minds.
Loving is of even greater importance than being loved.
Our intelligence helps us regulate our emotions. Fear, for example, is based on mistrust and a lack of self-confidence. If, on the other hand, we remain honest and truthful, open and tolerant, we will have greater self-confidence and overcome fear.
A sense of concern for others' well-being brings inner strength and self confidence.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers his condolences to those affected by the floods in Brazil.
HHDL offers condolences on the death of former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee and pays tribute to his many decades of dedicated public service — "We can rejoice that for 84 years he led a meaningful life."
HHDL's teachings and talks live from Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane & Perth, Australia, June 11-19, 2011
Photos: Long Life Prayer Offering 2010
We need to balance material and spiritual progress, acting with love and compassion can help achieve that balance.
Love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.
Compassion is one of the principal things that make our lives meaningful. It is the source of all lasting happiness and joy.
Love and compassion arising with a clear recognition of the importance and rights of others will reach even those who would do you harm.
Noticing a single shortcoming in ourselves is far more useful than seeing a thousand in someone else. When it is our own: we can correct it.
HHDL talks about environmental awareness in a clip from the first session of Mind and Life XXIII on October 17, 2011.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama is eager to visit the earthquake affected area.
Peace has a great deal to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others, avoiding doing them harm and regarding their lives as being as precious as our own. If, on that basis, we can also be of help to others, so much the better.
I have made a commitment to work until I die to raise awareness that the source of happiness, warm-heartedness, lies within us.
In our modern society everything seems geared to material development, even our systems of education. As a result we no longer pay sufficient attention to our inner values, which leads to mental unrest. In order to address this imbalance we need to pay more attention to our minds
On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, I take the opportunity to urge governments, organizations and individuals to rededicate themselves to making the achievement of peace the centerpiece of our lives.
The time has come for us to consider seriously how to change our way of life not through prayer or religious teaching, but through education
There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.
As a human being I’m aware that we are all physically, mentally and emotionally the same and we all want to live a happy life. Scientists say our basic nature is compassionate. It’s clear that love and affection bring people together.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama thanks those who sent greetings on the occasion of his 85th birthday.
Scientists are discovering that while anger and hatred eat into our immune system, warm-heartedness and compassion are good for our health.
Taking a realistic view and cultivating a proper motivation can also shield you against feelings of fear and anxiety.
Many think that happiness is to be found outside ourselves in material things, but actually happiness is something that comes from within.
Inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness, and anger cannot coexist without undermining one another.
Compassion should be unbiased and based on the recognition that others have the right to happiness, just like yourself.
It is important to let people know that they have the source of contentment and happiness within themselves.
If you have love and compassion towards all living beings, particularly toward your enemy, that is true love and compassion.
Live: HHDL, Archbishop Tutu, Richard Branson, Mary Robinson, honor Nelson Mandela  Ask questions with #MandelaTribute.
We do not follow ethical conduct because it is right in itself but because all others desire to be happy and avoid suffering, just like us.
HHDL addresses the Science, Spirituality and Education conference in Sikkim, India on December 20th, 2010.
If our spirit is turned towards kindness, the positive side of things, loving our neighbors, this is the best way to solve our problems.
By being inattentive to the needs of others, inevitably we end up harming them.
To my way of thinking, the diversity that exists among the various religious traditions is enormously enriching.
Live: HHDL will address the Bridge Conference in New York on May 23 from 10:30am EDT (8pm India)
Who is there among us who does not prefer tolerance, respect and forgiveness of our failings to bigotry, disrespect, and resentment?
Because anger and hostility destroy our peace of mind, it is they that are our real enemy. Anger ruins our health; a compassionate attitude restores it. If it were basic human nature to be angry, there’d be no hope, but since it is our nature to be compassionate, there is.
HHDL reciting prayers by torchlight in the dimly lit Hall of Lamps at Okunoin, in Koyasan, Japan on November 1.
Because our own human existence is so dependent on the help of others our need for love lies at the very foundation of our existence.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with Aung San Suu Kyi during their private meeting in London, England, on June 19th.
A concerted international effort is needed to think about measures to preserve our common and delicate ecology.
A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness.
While revenge weakens society, forgiveness gives it strength.
In our education system, we need to include lessons, like those concerning physical hygiene, that focus on mental and emotional hygiene, that teach how to develop a healthy mind. This is the core of what I call secular ethics.
Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Madison, Wisconsin, USA from May 15th-17th.
HHDL appreciates Desmond Tutu as the image of joy during their conversation in Dharamsala, India on April 20
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible.
The proper use of our intelligence and knowledge is to effect changes from within to develop a good heart.
It is worth saying over and over that ethical discipline entails more than just restraint. It also entails the cultivation of virtue.
Our modern education systems don't reveal much understanding of how to transform our emotions. To do so, we have to use our intelligence. We need to conduct ourselves with non-violence and on the basis of compassion, cultivate respect for others.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Teaching on Buddhism from Mumbai, India on May 30th - June 2nd.
Moral ethics are not a matter of religion alone, a secular approach needs to given, so that they become more universal.
Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.
Our life depends on others so much that at the root of our existence is a fundamental need for love. That is why it is good to cultivate an authentic sense of responsibility and concern for the welfare of others.
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
General standards of human rights apply to all countries because all humans share an inherent yearning for freedom, equality and dignity.
We need to be determined to achieve positive change, and also be able to take a long view of what needs to be done. What is important is not to become demoralized. Optimism leads to success; pessimism leads to defeat. One person can be the source of inspiration for many others.
With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
No matter what our situation, we all share the same aspiration for happiness.
Today HHDL gives a public talk on Ethics for the New Millennium organized by the University of Maribor, in Maribor, Slovenia
The time has come to accept that if we're talking about peace in the world, we first have to create peace within ourselves. Join us for @ThePeaceStudio summit on 9/21 as we think about ways we can #OfferPeace in our daily lives. RSVP here:
If you focus only on yourself and neglect others, you will lose; but you will gain if you value others as much as you cherish yourself.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Today, when we face problems or disagreements, we have to arrive at solutions through dialogue.
What is important today is that we consciously cultivate a sense of the oneness of humanity, because we all depend on each other.
The world belongs to its 7 billion inhabitants. In the past, communities could flourish in isolation, but now we can’t. This World Environment Day let’s remember that we depend on each other and that to meet the challenge of climate change, we have to work together.
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.
Compassion is the ultimate source of success in life.
Watch HHDL's 75th birthday celebrations from Dharamsala. Speeches (in Tibetan) as well as cultural performances.
HHDL during the Jataka Tales teaching held at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th.
The need for love lies at the very basis of human existence. It results from the profound interdependence we all share with one another.
We must design education that provides for both knowledge and a healthy mind, creating a sense of compassion that responds to all humanity.
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect.
We can’t overcome anger and hatred by simply suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate their antidotes - patience and tolerance.
I often ask myself what is the purpose of our lives and I conclude that life's purpose is to be happy. We have no guarantee what will happen in the future, but we live in hope. That's what keeps us going.
If we change inside and disarm ourselves by dealing constructively with negative thoughts and emotions, we can literally change the world.
How we view human nature can mean the difference between living in a world filled with people who are perceived as hostile, violent and dangerous, or as essentially kind, helpful and gentle. A deep awareness of the essential goodness of human beings can give us courage and hope.
To serve others and not only to secure their welfare, but also to avoid harming them, is the standard of a meaningful life.
All beings want to live in peace and happiness, undisturbed. Therefore the concept of human rights is universal.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Florida - 24 February 2010
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring us the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
My number one commitment is to extend awareness that peace of mind depends on our cultivating inner values.
HHDL meeting with his old friend former President of the Czech Republic Vaclav Havel in Prague on December 10th.
The gun may seem more decisive in the short term, but in the long term the power of truth is stronger.
Finding common ground among faiths can help us bridge needless divides at a time when unified action is more crucial than ever.
While the mind is untamed it can only cause trouble. If anger, greed or arrogance spring up they will take over the situation.
Advice for Children - HHDL explains the importance of warm-heartedness and intelligence in answer to a question from a young girl at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on June 10, 2019.
Live Webcasts: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue on "Power and Care" with HHDL from Brussels on September 9-11.
Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.
To be aware of a single shortcoming within oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
We need values based on common sense, experience and scientific findings, what I refer to as secular ethics.
When we begin to develop a genuine appreciation of the value of compassion, our outlook on others begins automatically to change.
We need to promote the oneness of all human beings, on the basis of which there are no grounds for killing or exploiting others.
One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others.
Our visit to this planet is short, so we should use our time meaningfully, which we can do by helping others wherever possible. And if we cannot help others, at least we should try not to create pain and suffering for them.
Live: HHDL teaches from the "Jataka Tales" (Life Stories of the Buddha) March 19th at 8:00am IndianStandardTime
HHDL clarifies his statements on retirement during a press meeting in Kalimpong, India, on December 14th, 2010.
Even people opposed to religion need calm minds and compassion to make their work more effective.
Genuine friendship is not based on money and power, but on trust, which in turn develops as a result of showing concern for other people’s well-being. In other words, friendship is founded on warm-heartedness.
I always try to share with others the idea that in order to become compassionate it is not necessary to become religious.
Through thoughtful contemplation, coming to appreciate compassion and love, our mental attitudes can gradually change.
For some people the idea of compassion entails a complete disregard for or even a sacrifice of their own interests. This is not the case. In fact, we first of all have to have a wish to be happy ourselves – if we don’t love ourselves like that, how can we love others?
Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies.
When each of us learns to appreciate the critical importance of ethics and makes inner values like compassion and patience an integral part of our basic outlook on life, the effects will be far-reaching.
Many people think that patience is a sign of weakness. I think this is a mistake. It is anger that is a sign of weakness, whereas patience is a sign of strength.
People who are compassionate, loving, patient, tolerant and forgiving recognize their impact on others and order their conduct accordingly.
On this International Day of Peace, we must remember that peace cannot come from prayer alone. It requires action. #PeaceDayChallenge
When you have peace of mind, it's easier to cope with problems. Real change will come about not as a result of prayer, but of using intelligence and taking action.
Determination and hope are key factors for a brighter future.
Human beings are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection—anger drives us apart. Just as we employ physical hygiene to protect our health, we need emotional hygiene, the means to tackle our destructive emotions, if we are to achieve peace of mind.
HHDL attending Mass at St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna, Austria, on May 27th.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life.
Some photos of HHDL's second day in Zurich (April 8th).
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day
Love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope
HHDL greeting students at Setagaya Gakkuen School in Yokohama, Japan, where he gave a talk on June 25th.
Just as we need good physical health  we also need strength of mind to  ensure our well-being; and we develop it by cultivating ethics.
Leaving aside the perspective of spiritual practice, even in worldly terms, in terms of our enjoying a happy day-to-day existence, the calmer our minds are, the greater our peace of mind will be and the greater will be our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship.
How can something as simple as training your mind change the world? Join His Holiness and @healthyminds for a recorded dialogue on the science of well-being and wisdom. Learn more and register for the free, virtual event on October 9, 2020:
If you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion and respect, then you can do any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively with less fear or worry, not being afraid of what others think or whether you will ultimately reach your goal.
Moved by the tragedy of unprecedented flooding and landslides in Uttarakhand, India, HHDL expresses his sympathy.
HHDL arrived in Slovenia today for a three day visit.
Video of HHDL's visit to Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th to meet and speak with survivors of last March's tsunami.
I think it is very important to know we can each transform ourselves into a better, happier person. I think it’s important to recognize this
I try to treat every person I meet like an old friend, and that gives me a real sensation of happiness.
Live: Introductory teachings on Buddhism by HHDL at TCV June 1 and 2 at 9:00am Indian Standard Time (GMT+5.30)
Physical comfort alone does not bring inner peace. We create inner peace within the mind.
Even without a religious perspective, love and compassion are clearly of fundamental importance to us all.
I believe that whether a person follows any religion or not is unimportant, he or she must have a good heart, a warm heart.
A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others.
Live webcasts: HHDL's talks, teaching and discussions from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, USA on October 8-10
A revolution is called for, but not a political, economic or even technical revolution. What I propose is a spiritual revolution.
As human beings we have intelligence and courage. Provided we use these qualities, we will be able to achieve what we set out to do.
Some photos of HHDL's visit to Zenkoji Temple in Nagano, Japan on June 19th.
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.
I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives.
It is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends.
I sometimes say that religion is something we can perhaps do without. What we cannot do without are the basic spiritual qualities.
Live: HHDL in Toronto, Mind Training teaching & Long Life Empowerment/Ceremony October 24, 9am-4pm.
Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear. Others will trust you because of your open heart.
Now we’re so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a source of trouble.
HHDL’s New Year’s message in this short video clip from his teachings at Sera Jey Monastery, South India on Jan 1st.
The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm.
Non-violence is a sign of strength, self-confidence and truth.
If we develop concern for other people's welfare, share other people's suffering, and help them, ultimately we will benefit.
Certain desires are positive: a desire for happiness; for peace; for a more harmonious and friendlier world.
Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these feelings, society will face tremendous difficulties.
Every day, when you get up, you can develop a sincere positive motivation: I will utilize this day in a more positive way.
Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health.
Some photos of HHDL's visit to Jispa, a remote region of Himachal Pradesh, India, on August 18-20.
The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, and the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Since we all belong to this world, we must try to adopt a good attitude worldwide, a good feeling for our fellow brothers and sisters.
We need an approach to ethics which makes no recourse to religion and can be equally acceptable to those with faith and those without.
Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings from New Delhi, India on December 2-3, 2013.
The point of our existence is that, as human beings, we live purposeful, meaningful lives.
Affection, a sense of community and a sense of concern for others are not some kind of luxury. They’re about the survival of humanity.
Live: HHDL's teaching on Stages of the Path to Enlightenment &amp; Overview of Tantra from Dharamsala, India August 25-27
Compassion is a source of happiness, while self-centerdness can lead ultimately to violence.
Change in HHDL's schedule in California and will now arrive on May 2nd, we regret inconvenience to all concerned.
If you use violence, you may get some temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable - unexpected results often happen.
When we are motivated by wisdom and compassion, the results of our actions benefit everyone.
Affection and compassion are indispensable in daily life.
Without a sense of equanimity, unbiased love and compassion cannot even get started.
Without technology humanity has no future, but we have to be careful that we don’t become so mechanised that we lose our human feelings.
Watch HHDL's talk to westerners attending the teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 13th, 2011.
By implementing the practice of love and compassion, we will naturally live a non-violent way of life.
If you wonder what you were doing in the past, look at your body; to know what will happen to you in the future, look at your mind.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
To cultivate genuine compassion we need to take responsibility for our own care and have concern for everyone's suffering, including our own
There is an urgent need for India’s traditions of non-violence and compassion in today’s world, which is still riven  by fighting and killing, sometimes even in the name of religion. We have the potential from birth to develop inner values like compassion that yield peace of mind
Traditional Tibetan greeting for HHDL by young well-wishers on his arrival at Mount Saléve, France on August 12th.
Compassion indicates strength, while anger is a sign of weakness and forgiveness is about not giving in to anger or thoughts of revenge.
Video of HHDL addressing the 6th International Conference of Tibet Support Groups in Haryana, India on Nov. 5th.
We live in a world in which we are dependent on others; we cannot expect to fulfil our goals while disregarding others’ needs.
Short video clip of HHDL being welcomed on his arrival in Hawaii on April 13th.
Altruism is the spirit out of which we choose to take action and give help that brings others happiness.
HHDL is interviewed in Washington DC by Ann Curry for NBC’s Today Show originally broadcast on July 18, 2011.
Be honest, truthful, and altruistic. If you concern yourself with taking care of others, there’ll be no room for lies, bullying and cheating. If you’re truthful you can live transparently, which will enable you to establish trust, the basis for making friends.
The ultimate source of happiness for self and others is compassion, concern for others and being of service to them.
When I wake in the morning I make a wish to be useful to others.
HHDL during his visit to Rewalsar Sahib, a Sikh shrine in Tso Pema (Rewalsar), HP, India on April 3rd, 2012.
Watch HHDL join in Interfaith Prayers for World Peace from Grossmünster Church in Zurich, Switzerland on October 15.
Genuine happiness comes from focusing on the happiness of others.
Live: HHDL talks with neuroscientist Prof R Davidson on Investigating Healthy Minds in Madison on May 16th, 2:15 CDT
Material development only brings us physical comfort; mental development depends on training the mind.
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
HHDL responds to the passing away of Nelson Mandela in this clip from his talk in New Delhi, India on December 6th.
Warm-heartedness gives rise to the self-confidence and inner strength that supports a calm mind.
Mind training refers to transforming or purifying the mind. All the major world religions have techniques for transforming the mind.
Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that.
Anger destroys our peace of mind and causes trouble. It also hampers our ability to function properly.
When individuals are too self-centred, they tend to be prone to fear, suspicion, anxiety and anger. Compassion and restraining from harming others, act as an antidote to this. Scientists say that it is basic human nature to be compassionate, because we are social animals.
It is important for us to examine our motivation in our day to day life.
Friendship depends on trust—not money, not power, not education. Only if there’s trust will there be friendship.
Common sense tells us we‘ll be happy even if we’re poor if we’re warm-hearted, whereas if we’re wealthy but self-centred we’ll be miserable
Friends, genuine friends, have much more to do with whether we have a warm heart, not money or power.
Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion.
Live webcasts: HHDL's public talk, discussion and press conference from Prague, Czech Republic, on December 11-12.
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves.
We need friends and friendship is based on trust. To earn trust, money and power aren’t enough; you have to show some concern for others. You can’t buy trust in the supermarket.
Reacting to Harm with Compassion - HHDL answers a young woman's question on how to be compassionate to those who do harm during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on July 12, 2019.
The practice of cultivating altruism has a beneficial effect not only from a religious point of view but also from a mundane point of view.
All human beings have the capacity to be determined and to direct that determination in whatever direction they like. Realizing we have this potential gives us a fundamental strength, enabling us to deal with any difficulty, whatever situation we are facing, without losing hope.
Moral ethics are the basis of world peace.
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it’s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.
We can make this a more peaceful century if we cherish non-violence and concern for others’ well-being.
Genuine friends, are attracted by a warm heart, not money, not power. A genuine friend considers you as just another human being, as a brother or sister, and shows affection on that level, regardless of whether you are rich or poor, or in a high position; that is a genuine friend
HHDL with local religious leaders at celebrations honoring his 81st birthday at Drepung Monastery in India on July 6
If our goal is a happier, more peaceful world in the future, only education will bring change.
If we cherish non-violence and concern for others’ well-being it is possible to make this a more peaceful century.
To promote the idea of nonviolence, we must above all encourage people to foster in themselves an attitude of love and affection for others.
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
Because of the risks involved in indulging in unrestrained desire and greed we need to cultivate contentment and simplicity.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses His Sadness Over the Recent Earthquake and Tsunami in Japan
Anger, jealousy, impatience, and hatred are the real troublemakers, with them problems cannot be solved.
Compassion is not just the business of the religious; it is important to know it’s everyone’s business, it is a question of human survival.
In his new book, "The Seed of Compassion", His Holiness the Dalai Lama addresses children directly, sharing lessons of peace and compassion, told through stories of his own childhood.
Children today are our hope for the future. Since global warming affects us all, must discuss taking care of our world at #LLSummit2020. Must also find ways to reduce the gap between rich &amp; poor. Join us on 9 Sept and call for a #FairShare4Children —
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts our mind at ease.
Without inner peace, without inner calm, it is difficult to find lasting peace.
A truthful, compassionate attitude is a sign of strength. It’s lying and anger that betray weakness.
Some scientists have found evidence to show that basic human nature is compassionate. This is a really hopeful sign.
True compassion isn’t just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason. Therefore, our compassion for others doesn’t change even if they behave negatively. Our sense of responsibility for others gives rise to a wish to help them actively overcome their problems.
One way to ensure everyone’s peace and happiness is to cultivate a healthy respect for the diversity of other peoples and cultures.
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. Despite all the characteristics that differentiate us - race, language, religion, gender, wealth and many others - we are all equal in terms of our basic humanity.
The best way of fulfilling your own interest is to take care of others.
HHDL interview on Ideas in Action, originally broadcast on PBS in the USA on June 2, 2011.
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
Just as we protect our health by observing physical hygiene, by tackling our destructive emotions with skill we’ll achieve emotional hygiene
Placing all our hope on material development is clearly mistaken; the ultimate source of happiness is within us.
What’s past is past, nothing can change that. But the future can be different if we choose to make it so. We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about. This is no time for complacency, hope lies in the action we take.
We must work to resolve conflicts in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep others' interests in mind.
Living a truly ethical life, putting the needs of others first and providing for their happiness, has tremendous implications for society.
Without love, our society is in a very difficult state; in the future, we will face tremendous problems. Love is the center of human life.
If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you'll be open and transparent, which leads to trust. And trust leads to friendship.
Webcast: Opening Address at Mind and Life XIX - Educating World Citizens.
Altruism is not merely a religious ideal; it is an indispensable requirement for humanity at large.
Not only is it the case that happy people are more willing to help others, but as I generally point out, helping others is the best way to help yourself, the best way to promote your own happiness. It is you, yourself, who will receive the benefit.
Cultivating love advances the wish that living beings deprived of happiness meet with happiness and its causes.
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
Time’s always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can’t change the past, but we can still learn from it. And we can shape the future, creating a more peaceful era, by adopting a realistic approach, recognising that the more compassionate you are, the more you’ll find inner peace.
Education is the way to achieve far-reaching results, it is the proper way to promote compassion and tolerance in society.
The quality of every human activity ultimately depends on our motivation.
Our real guide is our own mind, our sense of reason.
HHDL will lead prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims. Live webcast April 27th at 1:00pm IST (GMT+5.30).
Compassion and love give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive.
Tackling destructive emotions like anger and hatred entails developing constructive emotions like love and compassion.
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
Put this question to yourself: should I use everyone else to attain happiness, or should I help others gain happiness?
A calm and peaceful mind is something very essential.
True compassion is not just an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason.
Live: HHDL in Minnesota, USA. Press conference, Tibetan audience and dialogue May 7. Teaching and talk May 8.
Anger can be reduced if we work to cultivate love and affection. However, we first have to come to terms with whatever benefits or disadvantages anger may bring. Primarily, anger destroys our peace of mind; loving-kindness earns us friends and eliminates the risk of being alone.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama's statement on the passing of Congressman John Lewis, USA.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's visit to the USA - talks and discussions from New York, Virginia and Vermont on October 8-13.
Doing to harm to others may bring some temporary satisfaction, but being helpful to them is the only real source of lasting joy.
Some photos of HHDL's teachings at TCV in Dharamsala on 1st and 2nd June.
Science and the law can both help us forecast the consequences of our actions, but neither can tell us how we ought to act in a moral sense.
Tibetan Administration Offers Long-Life Puja for HH the Dalai Lama
Wherever I go, I always give the advice to be altruistic and kind to others.
I try to share with other people that the ultimate source of happiness is within us; it’s not found in money and fame. I promote fundamental human values on the basis of scientific findings and common sense. Evidence that basic human nature is compassionate is a source of hope.
Watch HHDL on secular approach to compassion in a clip from the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010.
In today's deeply interdependent world, war is outdated and illogical.
If we want to improve humanity, we have to start with individuals.
Live: HHDL in dialogue with Delhi University students August 9-10 (9:30am & 1:30pm IndianStandardTime - GMT+5.30).
A happy society must be created by people themselves, not through prayer alone, but by taking action.
Ethics are not a collection of commandments and prohibitions to abide by, but a natural inner offering that can bring happiness and satisfaction to ourselves and others.
HHDL tells the G7 climate crisis conference we should think of the the whole world as interdependent and of the entire 7 billion human beings as one human community. Global warming is very serious. Many people suffer. We must pay more attention.
We can change our minds. We don’t have to give in to anger and hatred. Since compassion and anger cannot co-exist, the more we cultivate compassion the more our anger will be reduced.
We need to see that anger is never any use in solving problems, but that patience and compassion are helpful.
It's not what work we choose to do, the crucial point is doing it with a positive and altruistic motivation.
Live webcast: HHDL at San Jose, California - the Rathbun Lecture, October 14 at 2-3:30pm PDT.
Any idea that concern for others, though a noble quality, is a matter for our private lives only, is simply short sighted. Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.
Genuine friendship depends on genuine affection and taking a sense of responsibility for each other.
Education today tends to focus on material goals. We seek sensory gratification in music or good things to look at, taste and touch. We may enjoy watching a game of sport, but once it ends the joy is over. What we really need is happiness that is rooted in the power of the mind.
Sometimes things go wrong; that’s normal. But we have a saying in Tibetan, ‘Nine times fail, nine times try again'.
 - HHDL answers the question from IPL cricketer Yuvraj Singh, "What's your favorite sport?" on April 17th, 2010.
Live from Dharamsala: 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day, March 10, 9am IndianStandardTime
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Completes a Successful Visit to Slovenia and Arrives in Zurich
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Buddhist Teachings from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on June 7-9.
Watch: Developing a Healthy Mind - clip from the dialogue with HHDL on November 2nd, 2010 from Dharamsala.
It’s not just money we need to lead a happy life; more important is to find inner peace.
To meet the challenge of this century, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility.
Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as ‘them’ but ‘us’.
It is necessary to help others in our daily lives, merely praying for them isn't enough.
Compassion is something really worthwhile. It is not just a religious or spiritual subject, not a matter of ideology. It is not a luxury, it is a necessity.
Live Now: HHDL and Archbishop Tutu live from South Africa and India via Google+ Hangout video link.
When we develop care and concern by thinking of others not as ‘them’ but ‘us’, there is no room for bullying, exploitation or deceit.
Determination, courage, self-confidence are keys to success. In all circumstances, we should remain humble, modest and without pride.
Our potential for positive and negative emotions is the same, but intelligence is our special quality. Use it well; be successful and happy.
The most important thing is to have a sense of responsibility, commitment, and concern for each of our fellow human beings.
It's unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved through prayer or good wishes alone; what we need is to take action.
Live Webcasts with HHDL from the Mayo Clinic and 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates on April 23-25, 2012.
Through education we have to lead people to see that concern for others is actually in their own interest.
In today’s interconnected and globalized world, it’s now commonplace for people of different world views, faiths and races to live side by side. It’s a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect
The real destroyer of our peace of mind isn’t an external weapon or enemy, but our own destructive emotions. Neither our friends nor even the Buddha provide an opportunity to practice patience in the way that a hostile person does. And in so doing, an enemy can become our teacher
Live:HHDL teaches Heart Sutra & 37 Practices, Sept 8-10, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30
HHDL speaks on caring for our global environment in a short clip from an interview in Oxford, UK on September 15.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself – if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
In our day to day life warm-heartedness is the key factor for happiness.
We should not only cease our negative activities, but also the motivation that gives rise to them.
I believe that our underlying or fundamental nature is gentleness, and intelligence is a later development.
We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about.
We have the source of contentment and happiness within ourselves, and it is related to nurturing our natural inner values.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
We pray for those who have lost their lives, the injured and their families in the earthquake that struck Kyigudo (Chinese-Yushu) today.
Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together. We have to cultivate warm-heartedness.
Success can’t be measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
I believe that our every act has a universal dimension.
Young children don’t care about differences of nationality, faith or race. So long as their companions smile, they play together happily. It seems it’s only as we grow up, in the course of education, that focussing on secondary differences between people creates trouble.
Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength.
Appeal by His Holiness the Dalai Lama expressing concern on the situation at Kirti Monastery, Ngaba, northeastern Tibet
Warm heartedness is the key factor for a happy family, happy community.
Developing compassion you feel much happier within—more calm, more peaceful—and other people respond to that. Through anger, real peace, friendship, and trust are impossible, but through love we can develop understanding, unity, friendship, and harmony — this is valuable.
In the biggest sense, environmental education means learning to maintain a balanced way of life.
Peace doesn’t come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge
The ultimate factor determining whether we have a healthy mind and a healthy body lies within.
Tibet's ecology needs protecting, not just for Tibetans, but for the health and sustainability of the entire world
Ours is a globalized world. Climate change affects us all; no one can hide from it. The global economy means we need to think of other people as members of one global family. This is why we need humane values based on common sense and common experience in our education systems.
Live Webcast: HHDL interviewed by @EbooPatel for "Bridging the Faith Divide" in Chicago, July 18 at 9:30-11:30am
Rather than working only to acquire wealth, we need to focus on the welfare of humanity as a whole.
Reflect on the value of inner versus outer wealth; in our world, there is a new awareness of our inner life and its worth.
HHDL shakes hands with some students who joined in an interactive session in Palo Alto, California on Oct. 13th.
HHDL talks about the importance of inner values in this clip from his talk at the University of Hawaii on April 14th.
New York Times Op Ed "Many Faiths, One Truth" by HHDL published May 25th, 2010.
HHDL is greeted with a traditional Tibetan welcome on his arrival at his hotel in Dublin, Ireland, on April 12th.