As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a 💨 after them haha 
R2D2’s Dad
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in 3 weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of 1st Model 3 dual motor performance coming off the line … 
.@cgpgrey drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America 
We don’t make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within 24 hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars. 
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldn’t resist)
No irony or uhh "shade" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing.
Starting on Monday, Tesla will no longer be taking orders for the 75 kWh version of the Model S &amp; X. If you’d like that version, please order by Sunday night at 
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf &amp; Gadget. So much has happened since then … 
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
Falcon 9 flight 11 to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning 
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints 
Read "Lying", the new book by my friend Sam Harris.  Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ... 
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
It’s super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage 
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach 7.9 (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
I am actually going to do this
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter 14 and a half (the worst one).
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
All satellites deployed
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs 
Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed ("Other US" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not. 
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Model X pulls a 95,000 lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface 
Dragon Spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or Sunday, depending on weather @NASA @SpaceX
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
My gf @Grimezsz is mad at me
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep 1st one or it will confuse the authorities.
I bet no one on 🌹 Twitter even *has* a guillotine! Poseurs …
Correlation is not causality or ... is it? 
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
Satellite deployed to 91,000 km apogee. All looks good.
Two Starship tanks in the midbay 
Great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
Max thrust at lift-off is 5.1 million pounds or 2300 metric tons. First mission will run at 92%.
FREE AMERICA NOW
Part 2 
While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called "EM Drive" with a grain o salt per @io9 article 
Stay positive 🧁 
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by 2 divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: 40 mousetronauts! 
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies 
Technically, I "got rich" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put 100% of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity.
Falcon Heavy thrust will be 5.1M lbf at liftoff --  twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
"Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love" are the top 5 most popular passwords after "password".  
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today 
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think … 
Mission looks good. Started deploying the 10 Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If you’re short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit … 
How’d they know!? 
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner &amp; cards
And the rocket's red glare,  the bombs bursting in air
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in 5 days! Order online at  to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex 39A and Falcon 9 in background on 40 
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
Docs make good points  
In memory of Stephen Hawking
GoT season finale leaked 
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing 
Sunset at the Gigafactory 
That was a total non sequitur btw
They have the best coin
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August 16
Thank you for your trust in the @SpaceX team. Greatly appreciated. 
Never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
Major credit to AC Propulsion for the tzero electric sports car 1997-2003 that inspired Tesla Roadster. Without that, Tesla wouldn’t exist or would have started much later. 
Interesting “@om:Physicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing 
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring… 
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live. 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 
Best saying ever “@temochdez: there is a saying in Mexico: "El miedo no anda en burro" meaning "Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"”
Cool! 
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
Well said. NYT journo is outraged that “dumb” public wd dare critique him while attacking me for being sensitive to criticism. Uhh... 
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away. 
Please put “invented car fart” on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens:  May the good man RIP.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens …
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy &amp; luck with Vice President Wang in 中南海紫光阁 
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at 222 million
All the answers to questions you never asked about holes in the ground 
Model Y, being an SUV, is about 10% bigger than Model 3, so will cost about 10% more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid 
😃 
At some point, @TheOnion and I should just a get a room …
If you’re against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter: 
However, we won’t customize the contract or engage in negotiations. That just causes the Tesla &amp; customer legal bill to be high &amp; drag things out. Pay for clean power, not lawyers! It makes way more sense.
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
We are trapped in a prison of fonts
On the transporter 
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Unless you like fun
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. It’s a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone can’t afford a car, they should go first.
It all comes full circle 
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes #Dragon
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM 
I
Battle Angel Starship 
Three Raptors on a Starship 
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces 7000 horsepower &amp; weighs 160 lbs
GPT-3 sounds like Simon &amp; Garfunkel lyrics
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt :) 
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level.
Model 3 is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall 
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well :) 
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions  about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at 7pm on Thursday
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution &amp; support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
Could be worse 
Chairs are underappreciated
Most people don’t know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China 
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers 
SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "@bm_ will SpaceX go public?"
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so it’ll feel like you’re there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
Exactly MT "@DanRetz IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.”
Tesla made 0 cars in 2011, but will make around 500k in 2019
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins &amp; header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed. 
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars 
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Thanks! “@ev: Have driven a Tesla Model S 50 miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of cars—by far the best car ever made."
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real  This is what happens when you turn it on: 
Oh hi lol 
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show! 
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the @49ers!! #SB47
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
But you can check it out on @9GAGTweets. Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
T-shirt is bulletproof &amp; makes u buff!  
187k
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas 
It’s really quite fun!
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to @NASA Plum Brook vacuum chamber 
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering 
Tesla cars are now in all 50 US states (map credit Edmunds)! 
Setting up for Model 3 handover tomorrow night ... 
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Glad you’re ok! 
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here: 
Joe Mode is the best mode 
Good article on the interplanetary transport system on Gizmodo 
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model 3 actually outsold Camry by a factor of two 
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics. 
0
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead 
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google #Zeitgeist2012 
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times 
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon. 
Also 1000 times more fun!
Boring Co urban loop system would have 1000’s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Extremism is so fun! (@waitbutwhy) 
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at 10:10 am Cape Canaveral time
Olde skoole analog synthesizer from ancient Britain 
Maybe this goat is available 
Looking forward to breaking ground on the @Tesla Shanghai Gigafactory today!
Tesla Megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage 
The enemy of my enemy is myself 
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight 
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size) 
More details on Model 3 unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above 6 2' ft, my height :), doors work fine. 
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical. 
Mr Steven is 5 mins away from being under the falling fairing (don’t have live video)
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty … 
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises 
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction 
An update about Tesla  
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret 
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (@CarbonFreeGirl), who lives in NC 
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
u r o k
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: “Not a Flamethrower”.
Tip of the day … 
New Tesla referral program just released 
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
Today’s Falcon launch carries 2 SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
253k as of 7am this morning
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
And that’s why cones were invented 
Launching in ~4 mins 
Probability that we’re in base Polytopia is highly unlikely - KWM
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket. 
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version 10 with smart summon is in wide release, which is about 4 to 8 weeks away, depending on how early access goes
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help? 
You’ll see
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, it’s better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Forming a rocket nozzle 
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then 3, but they are all very close. 
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place 
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in 76 hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Long Neuralink piece coming out on @waitbutwhy in about a week. Difficult to dedicate the time, but existential risk is too high not to.
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store 
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Dang, we broke the website
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Flying through the Falcon Factory 
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens 
A US 🐝 
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honesty’s too much ... 
Over 1000 km should be possible in a 100D with the right tires 
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): -1.47  Lateral Velocity  (m/s): -0.15  Tilt (deg):  0.40 ​ Lateral position: 0.7m from target center
Jupiter is big 
No kidding 
Lifting lower section of Starship 
Dojo, our training supercomputer, will be able to process vast amounts of video training data &amp; efficiently run hypersparce arrays with a vast number of parameters, plenty of memory &amp; ultra-high bandwidth between cores. More on this later.
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode 
SpaceX main body tool for the BFR interplanetary spaceship 
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess &amp; Go.
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon 9, but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Do you like our owl? 
✌️ bro 
Will do some press Q&amp;A on Autopilot post at 11am PDT tmrw and then publish at noon. Sorry about delay. Unusually difficult couple of weeks.
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for "subsidies", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?
SN3 
100th @TeslaMotors Supercharger goes live 
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you. 
About 5 mins from flight attempt 
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent 
My kids love "The Lost Planet" by @RachelSearles. Now on a rare second read!
Worth reading Life 3.0 by @Tegmark. AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so let’s get it right. 
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk! 
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over 20+ miles, so no spilt drinks.
Dragon is stable in the water
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities 
We’ve been so mired in production &amp; logistics for past 18 months. Really looking fwd to getting Semi into production.
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at 
We have 2 dogs &amp; 1 cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
At mission control in California. Launch in 60 mins. Looks good so far.
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger: 
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization &amp; extending life to other planets 
Oh btw I’m building a cyborg dragon
Here you go  
Computer glitch found by @SpaceX avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Come work at the biggest &amp; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free. 
Over 550,000 Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct. 
♥️🚀💫 SpaceX team 💫🚀♥️
Lovely story 
And we start digging the tunnel tonight 
Stainless Steel Starship 
Haha
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Turns out joking about being a “rock” star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock — hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Boring Company starts digging Vegas tunnel in 2 months. Aiming to finish by end of year. 
What could possibly go wrong? 
Meetings are a valuable use of time! 
Upper atmosphere winds currently 20% above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish. #FalconHeavy
We intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from Panasonic, LG &amp; CATL (possibly other partners too). However, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in 2022 &amp; beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to @Space_Station tomorrow 
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in 2 weeks, even if you haven’t placed an order yet
Wow, amazing Tesla hypermile drive happening 
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Roadster upgrade details 
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine …
No need to rely on scientists for global warming -- just use a thermometer 
Falcon 9 is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
First drive of a release candidate version of Model 3 
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed 1000km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!! 
Listening to REALiTi
This is going to be great 
The rumor that I’m secretly creating a zombie apocalypse to generate demand for flamethrowers is completely false
Of course I still love you 
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ... 
Worth reading Asimov’s Foundation 
Upcoming Falcon 9 demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant 
12m rocket booster diameter, 17m spaceship diameter, 122 m stack height
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ConsumerReports. Road noise &amp; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month. 
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
I’m killin me lol
For more on the Fermi Paradox:   and 
Where’s Flextape when you need it!?
SpaceX Crew Dragon recap  
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
Neuralink surprise twist! 
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon 9 as it falls back from space at… 
Hell of a week 
As a reminder, I’m in *favor* of universal basic income
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model 3 &amp; super simple new order page 
♥️♥️♥️♥️🛸🛸🛸🛸♥️♥️♥️♥️ 
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
Making progress …
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec 10. Will be very one-dimensional.
Acquisition of signal expected in 5 mins
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good. 
If you’re a utility or public utilities commission, please consider using the Tesla Megapack. Better for the environment &amp; usually lower cost than fossil fuel peaker plants! 
Raptor reached 268.9 bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by @SpaceX engine/test team! 
It’s inevitable 
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Spacebow 
The Internet is insane
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
Just had a long engineering discussion with Medtronic about state-of-the-art ventilators. Very impressive team!
feeling cute, might delete later 
Will send some to the Shortseller Enrichment Commission to comfort them through these difficult times
So true 
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
Starship 9m test tank made 7.5 bar at room temp! Small leak at a weld doubler. Will be repaired &amp; retested at cryo. 
People often think they’re breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O &amp; a dash of neon &amp; krypton (etc.)
Also, you’ll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
The *real* money comes from merchandising. I learned it from this documentary 
Would like to thank @nvidia and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to @OpenAI in support of democratizing AI technology
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
Tesla Superchargers delivered over 1GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially 
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says 97% of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Falcon 9 launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base 
Model 3 long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Maybe there should be 2 providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ... 
Good progress, but 18 years to launch our first humans is a long time. Technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime.  
Math jokes have a small audience
Nanotech is so 2008. Picotech is 1000 times better.
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that there’s no such thing as a Tesla “refresh”. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
Corporate Surrealism™️
BFR AMA on r/space in 2 hours
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Tesla US business leasing program went live today 
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at 
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version 3, it will be.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon 
Obv must be more pointy tho
2 minutes later … 
At @SpaceX Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine 
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot 
Initial production at Giga Berlin is Model Y
Congrats to @VirginGalactic and @RichardBranson on supersonic test flight!
Read Eliot’s notes on The Waste Land  
Tesla P85D 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year! 
What is my purpose? Sentient seats. 
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne) 
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Btw, Tesla actually receives *least* subsidies of any automaker in US. Federal tax credit applies to other automaker EVs, but no longer Tesla.
This meme proves it 
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then 3D printing it in a metal superalloy ... 
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
You’d need millions of zombies for a so-called “apocalypse” anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
First Production Model 3 
Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship "Of Course I Still Love You". 
Good times with @JoeRogan … 
Say hello to my little friend … 
Ms. Chief &amp; Ms. Tree 
Owner account of a Model X severely  impacted by a Yukon 
Tesla articles 30 mins apart: "This Stock is Screaming Buy"  and "This Stock Could Get DESTROYED" 
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money :)
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Atatürk Anıtkabir 
Don’t tell anyone, but the wifi password is “martians”
Provided Dragon 2 demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in 2018 
Truth 
My talk at TED with @TEDchris  
Starship SN4 tank on test stand 
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine 
Our true competition is not the small trickle of non-Tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the world’s factories every day
But actually 
What are your fav short shorts?
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
Hello from the Inside 
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
Next gen Atlas robot 
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer :)
Raptor engine just reached 330 bar chamber pressure without exploding! 
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options …
Respawn++ 
First! 
Am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in 2025. What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!! 
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Starship SN4 passed static fire
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. 4.4 sec 0-60 mph will not be a problem.
Looks like thrust was low on 1 of 3 landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
Just did crazy Japanese game show called 逆転の法則. I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome 
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of 2019 probably around 500k, ie 10k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about 400k.
Much will likely go wrong on 1st mission. Also, 6 more launches of 60 sats needed for minor coverage, 12 for moderate.
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper   
Should preface this saying that feedback from early Tesla Solar roof owners has been v positive. It’s stunning vs a regular roof in person imo. Photos don’t do it justice.
Regarding Tesla patents 
Tomorrow is Part 1 of the Model 3 unveil. Part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Dragon 2 is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Making The Onion articles real … 
Model 3 traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow 
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
To Infinity and Beyond! 
Sure could use a good rave What’s your favorite techno
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux 
Malcolm @Gladwell’s new book is 👌 
Please support my campaign to rebrand @WSJ as 🧦 emoji!
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good 
141 MPGe! 
A reminder of why it’s important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power 
Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming "Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths" 
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
What they do should be illegal
Electric cars produce *much* less CO2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission &amp; vehicle production into acount 
Will be on @CNBC with Ron Baron in about half an hour 
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build &amp; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago O’Hare Airport to downtown  
Starhopper completed tethered hop. All systems green. 
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you. 
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively &amp; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
About time to unveil the D and something else 
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all 5 kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Rage, rage against the dying of the light 
Mars Awaits 
Tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
I love indoor flamethrowers 
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it… 
With Asimov’s Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law …
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the  worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
Dr. Livingstone, I presume? 
Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does
Kinda like Snoop Dug
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did 
Speedrunning Factorio in real life …
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong &amp; don't deserve to be rejected.
.@JeffBezos is a copy 🐈 haha 
And yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with AI 
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space 
Like thug, but rural
Just posted a photo 
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov 1. Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Hold down firing of Dragon 2 spacecraft at Cape Canaveral 
Critical test launch before flying astronauts is green for Jan 18 
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com 
~20m up &amp; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully 20km up in a few months.
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules &amp; processes, so just takes time.
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
Mission of Tesla  
Fear the memesphere
Just returned from Cave 3. Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts &amp; named Wild Boar after kids’ soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful. 
Took my son to play piano for the seniors home in Pasadena. It was lovely to see them smile ♥️
Our radar is using a wavelength of 3.9mm. A good size for both decent resolution and rain penetration. Am hopeful...
To be clear, a Hyperloop passenger version wouldn't have intense light strobe effect (just for testing), nor uncomfortable acceleration
.@Apple pls fix awetoekreqt
What is simple in one arena is often profound in another
Try playing Powerglide in your Tesla at volume 11 
No new domestic corona cases in China 
Great progress by @NASASpaceflight members repairing the Falcon 9 ocean landing video 
Tesla does 0-60 mph in 2.7 seconds in the rain  via @electrekco
Presentation streaming live from  at 8pm Pacific
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16. Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks &amp; increase battery production for Puerto Rico &amp; other affected areas.
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck 
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good. 
It is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by 
Winter is coming
4 mins to Dragon loss of signal due to atmospheric entry plasma
Base is 300 ft by 100 ft, with wings that extend width to 170 ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time! 
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model 3. Order online at  before then for current prices.
Centaur with a bow obviously 
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May 1. You can order online at 
Model 3 Performance 
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug 12. Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche 911. Order Cybertruck online at 
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite 
“At Tesla, using AI to solve self-driving isn’t just icing on the cake, it the cake” - @lexfridman   Join AI at Tesla! It reports directly to me &amp; we meet/email/text almost every day. My actions, not just words, show how critically I view (benign) AI.  
Three's company 
Performance Model 3 review by @mattdebord 
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH … 
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ... 
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; don’t get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost. 
My Mom wrote a book ♥️  
Comparing Model S vs Model 3 
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot@teslamotors.com.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt 
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept 29/30.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are 200 Wh/kg vs 250 for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
The Spice. Must. Flow. 
Srsly 
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the US does from all sources today 
Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me.
Would also like to thank @USAirForce for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc 
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next 3 months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
Call of Booty, great game
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
Fear is the mind-killer
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
A Tesla works as a boat for short periods of time, as an electric car has no air intake or exhaust to block &amp; battery/motor/electronics are water-sealed. Submarines are just underwater EVs.   
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to 7000 km. Will spend 5 hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts &amp; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Almost a decade ago. Original Dragon in background.
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
Limited edition short shorts now available at 
Nothing has gaslit more people than the movie Gaslight
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty. 
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for 12:47 am California time. All systems green. #dragonlaunch
But comments are 👌
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Falcon Heavy hold-down firing this morning was good. Generated quite a thunderhead of steam. Launching in a week or so. 
Tesla solar panels are $1.49/Watt  
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.… 
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Going at full speed! MT “@iansomerhalder: Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey  
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Cookie decorating contest with kids 
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles… 
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC. 
Looks like we can reach 20,000 Model 3 cars per month in Dec
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke 🎤
Tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the 28th
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
Happy Home Planet Day!
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
First flight of 10 story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control 
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
It’s remarkable how often The News attempts to answer the question: what is the worst thing that happened on Earth today? 
♥️🚀 Apollo 11 🚀♥️  
Next launch is a @NASA science mission from VAFB California on Sunday. 
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little 
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky 
True, cost of operating a Tesla is much lower than other cars 
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales 
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Not as much as tunnels though
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W  
A @WhiteHouse petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers:  Please vote here too!
Then I’m going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite …
Stop biting my finger dammit   
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then #SXSW keynote tmrw
Some of best classic @Atari games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about 4 weeks. Thanks @Atari!
Best political platform ever 
We must pass The Great Filter
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms 
Congratulations @Tesla team!! 
8th hottest song on Soundcloud!!  
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
Now 232k orders
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course … 
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
Bring it on 
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan 
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much. 
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing 
Studebaker Museum in South Bend 
Even more boring 
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other? 
Open your eyes, look up to the skies
I am become meme
Because it's off the wall
Will build batteries, powertrains &amp; vehicles, starting with Model Y
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Original moth meme 
Foundation by Asimov
Important news in a few hours …
Great Model X article by @BBC_TopGear! 
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team 
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail @IAC2017. This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
New emoji! Last one comes with free phone hack. 
Nine years later 
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot 
But we call it “caraoke”, because it’s in a 🚘
Tonight 
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. 2016 is the year of experimentation.
Trippy 
Want to play The Witcher game on your Tesla? (you can already watch the show on Tesla Netflix theater)
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
Love and Rockets 
Cancel Cancel Culture!
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. It’s better because of you! ♥️♥️♥️
Rocket LZ 1 and 2 
Regarding the meeting at the White House: 
10 years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won. 
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery 
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S &amp; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
We know we’ll run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far … 
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Mach diamonds 
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky 
Ludicrous speed, 70 kWh rear drive and 90 kWh battery pack 
First, it’s important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while 
.@WidespreadPanic 
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Congratulations @SpaceX &amp; @NASA on completing first crewed Dragon flight!! 🇺🇸 returned.
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Comments section on this article is awesome 
A prior track record of exceptional achievement in engineering *is* required, but *no* prior experience working on the brain or human physiology is required. We will teach you what’s known about the brain, which is not much tbh.
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic 
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
SEC disclosures, etc
Looks so sus when we paint cars red 
Promising call today with @BoschGlobal, maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom @mayemusk will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing 140 char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power  
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to 25% for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original 2012 Model S. Not splitting power across 2 Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to 50%. 
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form! 
Those who predicted Tesla &amp; EVs would be dead &amp; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for 6-12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers 5+ years late. Why the double standard?
Merry Christmas &amp; goodwill to all!! ⛄️ 🎄 🎁 🎅 💝 😀
Great Model Y review by @jayleno 
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Warning, this presentation is 4 hrs &amp; 20 mins long
I made the volume on the Model S  go to 11.  Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to 80,000 km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Night at the museum. G has mad skillzsz. Me not so much. 
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the @Bloomberg graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
But credit for 1st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15  And Burt Rutan for commercial 
Model S owner blogs about TN accident 
I love the suggestions!
Translating what actually happened in the debates... 
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus 
What’s actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at 60mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Btw, 99% likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that 1% chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame. 
Barrel on dome 
Falcon 9 rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
SN7 will be new alloy test tank taken to burst pressure. SN8 will have body flaps &amp; nosecone.
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Falcon comes home 
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year... 
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever. 
Strongest solar radiation storm in 7 years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow: 
Order at  
Emo G Records  
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded &amp; won't even answer top 3 upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch 
Fred Astaire &amp; Ginger Rogers👌
Great video history of Falcon 9 by Kinematic 
Trust me, it will be 🔥🔥
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
#OccupyMars
It’s ducked!
Tesla Full Self-Driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on July 1st. Order a Tesla online in less than 2 minutes at 
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI 
Reply to @mkrapels: Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at 92 mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions 
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance. 
Full Self-Driving video 
Fly me to the moon ... Ok 
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink 💫 mission later this year. 
Sigh
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus &amp; present to President. 
Starship Production Complex Boca Chica, Texas 
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Sonic boom warning. This won’t be subtle. 
smol ∩ puppy ∩ math 
Leasing now available for Model 3 
No near term plans to IPO @SpaceX. Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Partial list of hospitals to which Tesla sent ventilators 
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch! 
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it… 
Tomorrow brings a lemur 
Model 3 order day starting in Australia 
Anyone who’s interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing — designing &amp; building the machine that makes the machine — please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. We’re gonna take this to a whole new level!
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional &amp; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe &amp; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR &amp; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
ET phone home. No answer 😢
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car 
Hat
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power &amp; no more blackouts! 
The lady doth protest too little. 
Old-school fidget spinner back when the only things to play with were squirrels and rocks 
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death?  Fear of being shot may play a role:  
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from @RickandMorty
Great name! Wouldn’t worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually &amp; we currently have no defense. 
Love this Tesla video made by 
That’s a direct quote from Warren Buffett
Phony 
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle …
Tillerson also said that “the risk of climate change does exist” and he believed “action should be taken"
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker 
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color! 
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice... 
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof 
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is "awesome" - Lord Business
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Raptors 
Free viewing ends in about 5 hours 
Sooo annoying!! 
Mars Base Alpha 
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence... 
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version 2? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version 1.
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Rocket flight to 744m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone) 
Announcing formation of @open_ai … 
Almost 4000 hats sold so far. Whoever buys the 5000th gets a free hat with their hat! 
Dragon abort test stats: 0 to 100 mph in 1.2 sec, top speed of 345 mph
I hope the kids are ok
The stars in Starship’s mirrored hull reflected
Tesla Solarglass vs 🎃  Happy Halloween!! 
LA is so beautiful after the rain 
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in 2 months.
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via  webcast around 5:30 local time on Monday
Second boring machine almost ready. Will be called Line-Storm, after the poem by Frost. "And be my love in the rain." 
Giga Berlin 
New SpaceX droneship will be called “A Shortfall of Gravitas”
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A friend just sent me this excerpt from a Tesla blog I wrote 14 years ago 
I know it’s a little off-brand, but kids love it
Now with actual picture :) 
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model 3 cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Falcon Heavy is this times three. One way or another, launch is guaranteed to be exciting ... 
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte 
Just finished an amazing 3 day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy &amp; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team &amp; potential for the future.
California time
Good article from @themotleyfool explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding 
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it. 
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a 6 ft cowboy to the rocket 
Tesla wins best headlights award 🥇  
Woody 
This BBC article provides a sensible summary for how it was done 
.@curtismcauliff SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone 1 had a bug back in '07
Sure hope this isn’t true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict. 
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
True 😀 
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment :)
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini 
Presentation of @SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship &amp; Rocket design from 2016 
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji 🤗
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous. 
Gas cars are so last-century! 
Restart was good, apogee raised to 80k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Starship SN1 tank preparing for Raptor attachment &amp; static fire 
Or is it more about the way you use it? 
Next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Flight 10 of Falcon 9 was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged &amp; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot :)
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began 2013. Orbital water landing 2014. Orbital land landing next. 
"Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The 2 exceptions are childhood and when we are in love." - RG
1st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by @SolarCity! Predict 1st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; 15 years.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe …   Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Still as true today as it was 6 years ago
Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the "Everything is awesome..." theme song.
Wikigenius 
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
We didn’t even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Great verdict 😀 
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions! 
If you bombard Earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla (AK)
Extremely important merch 
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International @Space_Station 
Insightful article by David @Pogue 
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to 36,000 km above Earth 
Shelter 
♥️ @neiltyson
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
Turns out you can make anything fly haha 
Just wanted to say thanks to all Tesla supporters. I damn well love you.
3 mins to liftoff
2019 seems so quaint &amp; long ago 
Wagnerian 
New @Hyperloop top speed of 463 km/h!! 
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
.@joshj777 It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are 3 to 4 years away. Wish it could be sooner.
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. There’s an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but it’s not funny.
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. It’s a giant steel &amp; webbing catcher’s mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S …
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change 
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at 
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry 
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot &amp; Model 3 today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
Customs problem solved! 
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night 
Pods 1 and 4 now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
Is Space Jam good?
Was good maybe 5 or 6 years ago when you could wonder around &amp; find great unknown bands
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
🦆 FTW
Boring breakthrough @BoringCompany 
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite 
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today 
Who controls the memes, controls the Universe
We don't mind taking the heat for customer safety. It is the right thing to do. From @RoadandTrack 
26 ft diameter tunnel running 2 miles under D.C. 
New York judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors". Exactly!
Elevator music is underrated
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Just wanted to thank Stu G for  Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of @Cholera. Great work by @brynmooser and @daviddarg!
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, @CreepyPuppet and @CowanFilms 
And New York 
Max velocity: Mach 6.9 Max altitude: 247 km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Tap Tesla logo at top of your car’s touchscreen &amp; wait 10 secs to open special features box
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world 
This is gonna sound crazy, but …
Have to focus on tonight's @SpaceX launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milestone in space! Next goal is reflight within 24 hours.
Shanghai Giga production of Model 3/Y will serve greater China region
More fun games coming soon to ur Tesla 
Just confirmed with @NASA that May 7th is go for launch of Falcon 9 &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Model S in drag queen competition @CARandDRIVER 
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view 
Snowing in Texas 
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
🔥
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential :)
Top Marx 
Tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. Instead, we use that money to make the product great. 
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than 50%. The 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Excession 
.@jbmeicher Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
Blade Runner — Esper Edition — Vangelis 
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW.  Hear my random holiday season music selections at 
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
China’s progress in advanced infrastructure is more than 100 times faster than the US 
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by @katiefehren 
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
spacex's photo 
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes! ♥️♥️
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project)  
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica 
Not much but it is ours 
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise! 
Model 3 mid-range EPA rating is actually 264 miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of 260 
Supercharger policy explained well by @LATimes:    Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Do want irony on social media?
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.  
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for 500
New Tesla Summon will 🧨 ur 🧠
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was 10 years away from achieving this. 
It’s real 
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial 1000
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model 3 soon if you want 2018 delivery
This baby Model S really is quite fun  
Looks like the Model S P100D Easter egg will allow it to do 0 to 60 mph in 2.4 sec and a 10.6 sec 1/4 mile via software update next month
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isn’t needed 
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut 
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me :)  This is actually me.
The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges
This is mainly for staffing up 4 production shifts for 24/7 operations, but engineers, supervisors &amp; support personnel are certainly needed too. A super hardcore work ethic, talent for building things, common sense &amp; trustworthiness are required, the rest we can train.
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov 1
The quality of emojis varies wildly
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Dragon high altitude, supersonic abort test is a risky mission, as it’s pushing the envelope in so many ways
35,000
Music is a limbic resonator
Please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. It is the only way to maintain public discourse.
To those who quietly help advance the causes we mutually believe in, knowing advancing the cause is the only reward: thank you
Partial recall of Model S 
1st firing of Falcon 9-R advanced prototype rocket. Over 1M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper 
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon 9 second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind 
Turn volume to 11 &amp; play Powerglide in your Tesla   
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Space Jam should’ve won the Oscar 
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of 4 gigawatt-hours this week 
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay 
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Family history article. Was born in South Africa, but named after my American great-grandfather. 
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon. 
Mythic Quest is 🤣🤣 MTTD
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks 
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at 1:30! 
Might be possible to go supersonic in our test Hyperloop tube, even though it's only 0.8 miles long. Very high accel/decel needed …
Sometimes … when I have hurt feelings, I play this song … 
In advance of this, please try to hack Starlink &amp; Tesla Mothership! 
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Now give people back their FREEDOM
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging 
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon &amp; a few other things
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot@teslamotors.com. Team will report directly to me.
In addition, we reinforced the surrounding body structure for improved safety (was already 5 star in all categories).
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
Liftoff 
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting :)
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream...  
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with 1 or 2 taps 
Sure hope so 
Rounding up to 1 sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence …
Actual data reference CHHS 
Be … cause … it’s … you
Homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.  
2B or !2B
Just saw that on a T-shirt @Hyperloop competition 🤣🤣
Abysmal autocorrect might be the #1 reason people don’t fear AI
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
Bach is killing it on YouTube 
If you have a Tesla built in past 2 years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
Happy bday to my old and dear friend @adeoressi! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ... 
Only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid 
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE 
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Well said 
Interview with @BloombergNews about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details 
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed 8pm
Sigh … 
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at 662 locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working 24/7 to activate several hundred more. 
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like: 
 at 5M views after 36 hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
Love EFF “@arstechnica: EFF inaugurates “Stupid Patent of the Month”  by @joemullin”
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. Apply at 
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above 
After which they are recycled 
Earth floats gently in zero gravity 
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Love Oumuamua jokes
Good for Germany! 
Rewatched "Ghost in the Shell" and the end of "Colossus: The Forbin Project" 
Boring product launch will be streamed live at 8pm California time tonight 
As many have already noted, @Chrysler is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Wort reading the whole thing 
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free 
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs 
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Side view of Falcon Wing doors 
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option &amp; “advanced download” selected in vehicle software settings
 
Yeah, that’s exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought. 
🔥🔥🔥
Some Tesla news
Dogecoin value may vary 
Ok u can have a little emerald 🤹🏻‍♂️ 
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a 10% higher chance of a good landing. Punting 24 hrs.
🦌
Post should go live on Tesla website around 5pm
Frank Frazetta
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons &amp; XBox/PS controllers
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars 
Bloomberg TV features debate of @AndreaSJames vs some guy picking his nose 
Hey babe, fancy a hot date …? 😉 @4thFromOurStar
Midnight dinner in Berlin 
AI symbiosis while u wait
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient 
Area 51 of Area 51 
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
Thoughtful Model 3 review by @tsrandall, one of the most insightful journalists 
Essentially all quotes can be ascribed to Churchill
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that @boringcompany built a 6000 ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally 10X better, should be operational next year. For reference: 
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy  via @youtube
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that 80% of my time is on engineering/design and just 20% on other stuff 
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence. 
.@benmacy $30k in 2013 $ (ie + inflation) w 200+ mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
Queen 🐝 
SpaceX documentary actual footage 
View of Dragon from @Space_Station cupola 
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design 
1st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon 9 rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust 
Best music video art I’ve seen in a while 
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Then we took him for a ride: 40 meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket 
Launch and landing of the NRO spy satellite was good. Tough call, as high altitude wind shear was at 98.6% of the theoretical load limit. 
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs &amp; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Model S review by Motor Trend 
Model S Owner drives 3121 miles solo from Canada to Mexico 
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of 100,000 people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives … 
Love seeing the scars of the rocket 
Not moths tho
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper. 
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night #whatcouldpossiblygowrong
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok. 
Good piece by Ars 
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk 
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer can’t take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less.  Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in 8 days. Order online at  or visit stores.
About to do next Starhopper flight test 
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale 
Bernie’s tax rate is 0.2% too high! 
In his 18th Brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), Marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. This is now ironically happening with Marxism.
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography 
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability &amp; creativity.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free 
Perspective 
Falcon 9 flight 50 launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At 6 metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite we’ve ever flown.
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans 
Tesla charger map 
...but only if you like your house "Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside  "
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at 1pm PST
And now … we dance! 
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Orbital human spaceflight returns to the Cape in six weeks! 
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
OG wisdom 
The rumor that Bill Gates &amp; I are lovers is completely untrue
lol 
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations.
Tesla Bioweapon Defense Mode 
Cool Model 3 review by @iamjamiefoxx 
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me.  I will deliver my car in June/July. 
Excited to announce the launch of  It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version 7 software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on  at 8pm on Feb 9th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Great trip to Germany. Support from government &amp; people is super appreciated!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses 
At the risk of losing more "cool points", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides...
Max acceleration was 6X gravity, altitude 1187m, lateral distance 1202m and velocity 155 m/s. Main chutes deployed 970m.
Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. You must react against ejected mass.
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes! #DragonLaunch
All we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!! 
We’re adding this here catchy tune to the music maker in the Tesla!
“am … 🐝 guity” 🧐
Sounds right 
 
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS 3D metal printer 
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary. #OccupyMars @Weaverwerx #APSpaceChat
Baby Yoda 💕 
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
Researchers at @NASA propose using @SpaceX Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission 
It begins ... 
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand. 
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
We are (obviously) also looking for world-class chip designers to join our team, based in both Palo Alto &amp; Austin
It’s Not a Flamethrower, Mr Escobar 
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is 10cm. What is its remaining volume?
But sometimes when we touch … 
Good morning 😀
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so 80k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year 
Insurance premiums expected to decline by 80% due to driverless cars  
Model X numbers should also improve by 0.1 sec on 0 to 60 and 1/4 mile
Adding several more countries to Model 3 order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Thanks Tesla owners &amp; investors! Love you!! We will work super hard to earn your trust &amp; support. 
Tunnels under cities with self-driving electric cars will feel like warp drive  First operational tunnel under Vegas almost done  The @BoringCompany
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
heh heh 
7000 cars, 7 days ♥️ Tesla Team ♥️
Across the road and below the ground 
3 mins to launch 
That was a DM, right?
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res) 
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro @kimbal. Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,… 
Congratulations Tesla &amp; SpaceX on great 2019! You rock!! Looking forward to epic 2020 ♥️🚀🛰🚘☀️
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Reminder that Tesla Full Self-Driving (FSD) price goes up by $1k on July 1st
Starhopper flight successful. Water towers *can* fly haha!!
High res video of landing from the helo 
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right 
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM @WHester #APSpaceChat
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth. 
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo 11 pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost 400 mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed. 
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald 
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
SpaceX propulsion just achieved first firing of the Raptor interplanetary transport engine 
Amazing repair job of Falcon 9 ocean landing vid by @NASASpaceflight forum. Now shows leg deploy 
.@Space_Station 
A life well lived 
.@boringcompany will transport your car all the way into your garage 
About the Model S fire ... 
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think it’s working
One of the all-time best songs 
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
Next year’s @Hyperloop competition will be in a 10km vacuum tunnel with a curve
Announcement of new @TeslaMotors strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Moving 2 of 7 Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Who likes short shorts? 
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there? 
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size. 
Switched souls with The Museum of English Rural Lofe 
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
After 2008 meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in 2 to 3 months.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds 
Model S exceeds 300 mile range target! Prize for the 1st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles) 
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon &amp; Mars!
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
♥️👽 SpaceX has Area 59 👽♥️ 
I know what you're thinking … then why not "the Third"? Well, I've learned my lesson about 3's.
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
🖤🖤🖤 Syd Mead 🖤🖤🖤 
SN5 
Tesla 1st, 2nd &amp; 3rd in August sales 
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx 80% of US population covered.
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within 7 days for full refund) 
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station 
Typing Merlin literally just autocorrected me to merkin 🤣🤣
Too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this. 
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge I’ve ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated.
😉
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
Tesla factory workplace safety is 5% better than industry average for manufacturers &amp; improving fast 
Special thanks to Tesla trucking &amp; rail partners for figuratively &amp; literally going the extra mile
I’m starting a candy company &amp; it’s going to be amazing
At Tesla Giga Shanghai NSFW!! 
This is actually real 
Are tunnels safe in an earthquake? 
Hanging out with @yousuck2020 before the @SpaceX moon mission announcement 
Tesla should have a mega rave cave under the Berlin Gigafatory
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next… 
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
Minecraft 
Launch at 1:25 delivering 10 satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight. 
Hydroxychloroquine probably better  
6 more launches of 60 🛰 for initial activation, 12 for significant coverage
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading 
Gigafactory in units of hamster 
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
Dragon splashdown off the California coast 
Even if some of the public doesn’t care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug 
🧲 is relativistic side effect of ⚡️
 strikes again!
And ... it's done 
One learns something new every day “@UberFacts: A “Buttload” is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to 126 gallons.”
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
Racing video part 2 
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q&amp;A with JB, Yamada-San and me 
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket! 
If you bought a Tesla before yesterday’s price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less) 
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
Open the Knaack HAL 
Meme of recursive irony 
First test of the Falcon 9-R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire 
Turns out that gun is for the toilet paper 
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
Meme necromancy 
Must be a coincidence 
Falcon 9 piercing the sound barrier on reentry 
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward “HW3” will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important. 
Ripley 
V proud of Tesla team for completing 1000th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year 
Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "Just Read the Instructions"
With an epic sound system &amp; woofers the size of a car
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself. 
Whiskey, fire, s’mores and JC  Also, hotdog or not hotdog? 
Great work by Tesla Team! 
Dogs rock 
Congrats Tesla Team — U ROK!! 
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in 2 mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
Turns out there’s more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before &amp; after we started production of our first car. 
Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually "Mr." Evil. 
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon &amp; depart for the @Space_Station. 
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith 
If u saw @TheSimpsons and wonder why @SpaceX doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Worth watching "Who Killed the Electric Car?" By @chrispaine. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction … 
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man. 
When the only existing life was a sponge
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow. 
Fallout Shelter is on your Tesla. Tap the Entertainment button.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by @theatlantic  
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly :)
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon 9 and Heavy 
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging 
Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes "range test". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive.
.@TheOnion
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing "Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ...
Late night tweets … sigh
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License 
Live video feed of launch at 
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the 7.1 UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" 
Yup 
So true “@jlgolson: BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.”
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car. 
Shareholders could either to sell at 420 or hold shares &amp; go private
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Dogecoin rulz 
Very likely that a home with clean power that’s lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank @SES_Satellites for taking a chance on @SpaceX. We've given it our all.
Flamethrowers sold out
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
OpenAI + Dota 2 
Those who proclaim themselves “socialists” are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
To air is human 
Cutterhead in operation at standard industry speed. Planning to jack this up by a factor of ten… 
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF  
Solving high-volume, high-reliability, low-cost production problems is especially valued
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owner’s home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap 
Getting there was super hard. Very proud of Tesla team!
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity! 
Falcon Heavy launch simulation almost ready. Will be set to Bowie’s Life on Mars.
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on @Space_Station solar arrays. 
Sunday is the end of the week :)
Looking forward to international expansion later this year 😀
It’s fine, we’ll just buff it out
Thanks @CNBC! “@Lebeaucarnews: The Model S delivered what @elonmusk promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.”
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors. 
Teletub 🐝 
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
First flight is to 15km or ~50,000 ft
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky …
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back 
Production unit 1 of Model 3 is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. Also, baby don’t hurt me haha   
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP  @TEA_in_Space
Aliens built the pyramids obv
Will those who write the algorithms ever realize their negativity bias?
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small.  via @thestreet
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
Proud of my Mom ❤️ 
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by @NASA tracking cameras 
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems &amp; plays. Decided against plays &amp; poems. Too obvious.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
Great for roasting nuts 🔥 🥜 
Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me 
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Recode interview with @karaswisher and @waltmossberg  via @YouTube
And remember … 
🦆
Tesla in @boringcompany tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again 
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot 
Just wrote a song called “Don’t doubt yer vibe”
Starhopper 
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days! 
You don’t hear much about element 43
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first 1000 &amp; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life 
Over 30,000 hats sold!
Model X launch webcast live today 8pm at  Time to show the real thing. 
Problem solved, was able to buy  Game on …
First movie I ever saw in theaters
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
Short vid of the recent @SpaceX mission to the Intl Space Station 
.@mcannonbrookes Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Over the entrance of @OpenAI 
Smart Summon coming soon! 
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in @WSJ regarding a carbon tax 
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of @TheDailyShow for a billion years.
Just reviewed Tesla’s service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within 3 to 6 months.
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
Congratulations to @OrbitalSciences! “@CNETNews: Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight 
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
In reality, 97% of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change 
Tesla Sentry Mode will play Bach’s Toccata and Fugue during a robbery (and keep Summer safe) 
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If they’re evolving rapidly, something’s up.
Great meeting you! 
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever. @love_to_dream #APSpaceChat
Support &amp; advice from @NASA, @FAA, @AFPAA &amp; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report@spacex.com.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is 360 m/s, Mach 1.1, 8.5 km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning 2nd @Hyperloop competition! Peak speed of 324 km/h, which is over 200 mph!!
Once more, with feeling!  "North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners" 
Just stop
Tesla is developing a NN training computer called Dojo to process truly vast amounts of video data. It’s a beast! Please consider joining our AI or computer/chip teams if this sounds interesting.
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true. 
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. 🖤The Red and The Black♥️
They are so underappreciated
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon 9 for next month's Space Station servicing flight 
Well … it looked smaller on paper
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long. 
Model 3 review by Unbox ...  via @YouTube
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for 5* (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by 0.6 secs for next attempt.
Please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of Tesla SolarGlass roof! Critical feedback is much appreciated.
Sydney is such a beautiful city 
Envelope expanded 
Dragon abort test video 
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony. 
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Capable of traveling safely at over 150mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then… 
Worth watching @ExMachinaMovie. The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
Good description of the launch by @WIRED: 
If you’re into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone &amp; car irl.
Moral condemnation used not for morality, but as a weapon for manipulation is messed up
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space 
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per @SenJohnMcCain's request 
Love you too! 
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
46k limited edition boring hats sold, 4K to go. Then flamethrower.
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful … 
Interesting … 
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Churchill (non) quotes  
Nuke Mars!
My Twitter is pretty much complete nonsense at this point
Model 3 orders at 180,000 in 24 hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Final report on Autopilot issued by @NHTSAgov is very positive 
If you can’t beat em, join em Neuralink mission statement
T-boned in a Model X at 65 mph  
Other orgs shd also develop reusable orbital rockets. If an airplane co had reusable airplanes, buying single use airplanes wd seem crazy. 
Better to be in the Model X 
And so annoying
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated. 
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Coming home 
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at 2pm
Sensible article on Autopilot by @the guardian 
Goal of government should be to maximize the happiness of the people. Giving each person money allows them to decide what meets their needs, rather than the blunt tool of legislation, which creates self-serving special interests.
The date is strangely familiar … 
Happy Mother’s Day to other mothers!! @Grimezsz ♥️♥️♥️ 
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered: 
Model S range curves in detail by version 
Kinda trippy seeing myself on @SouthPark. I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
All items below will go to all Model 3s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say “bug report” followed by issue description. 
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in 94, it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth 
Oh stop teasing, Jeff 😉 
Selling weed literally went from major felony to essential business (open during pandemic) in much of America &amp; yet many are still in prison. Doesn’t make sense, isn’t right.
But femtotech is the future … 
I’m disappointed that my record label failed
Auto steer limited to 45 mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Live webcast of the launch at 
You don’t have a soul, you are a soul
Hadouken!! 
Promising conversations with @MayorOfLA regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes &amp; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology. 
Music volume on a Tesla goes to 11, because it’s louder than 10  
Major improvements &amp; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at @IAC2017 in Australia
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
Hollywood should just start with the sequel &amp; skip the original, because financials
Special Circumstances 
The Falcons have landed 
Wishing good vibes for all in 2nd half 2020
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements 
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by @ConsumerReports 
Renaming BFR to Starship
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Original article on Model S from @consumerreports: 
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others 
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Water ice on Mars 
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
She was a great woman “@VanityFair: In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, 1941-2012 
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it! 
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Test-driving our new boring machine with a 🎮 
Driving a Model 3 and playing 
Just leaving SpaceX Starship build site in Boca 
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read 50 Shades :) 
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
🌹 Twitter sucks
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to 1.71M lbf later this year. It is capable of 1.9M lbf in flight.
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
Listening to Better Now 
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Well said, Lord Sumption, well said! 
Cybertruck option package 
The Johnny Cash hover slam!  
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
♥️ snacks ♥️ 
This would solve a lot of brain/spine injuries &amp; is ultimately essential for AI symbiosis
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated 
Love Your Name 
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon 9 
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation. 
Huge appreciation for @NASA, without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
Solar roof unveil now at 5:30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
Meant to say “is render speed”. Frame rate is locked.
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely don’t buy one.
Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded.   Btw, Model S warranty does cover "bricking".
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in 3D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year: 
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon 9 rocket booster returning from space… 
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Thanks on behalf of @SpaceX team! We ♥️♥️♥️ @NASA! 
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didn’t hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore. 
How Model 3 performs on a long road trip  
Initially making one 200 metric ton thrust engine common across ship &amp; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) &amp; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Over a million combustion engine (it’s right there in the name!) car fires per year &amp; thousands of deaths, but one Tesla car fire with no injuries gets biggest headlines. Why the double standard? This is a real question.
Glad you’re enjoying Model 3 &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0. 
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name…
Story of my life
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time &amp; stop a terrible calamity — the premiere of Cats!
Congrats to Tesla team on Model 3 winning best midsize car in Germany! 🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪 
Ability to stream YouTube &amp; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats &amp; surround sound audio.
New Tesla feature coming that enables your car to play snake jazz or Polynesian elevator music through its outside speakers wherever you go
DMT FTW 
Would be great to combine blood donations with a C19 antibody test, so you know if you’re immune. Refill blood banks &amp; give donors peace of mind. 
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
That was intense 
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Either way, sustainable energy wins!! 
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack  
♥️ Tesla Owners ♥️ 
If test flight of 🐉 goes well next month, @NASA 👨‍🚀 👩‍🚀 will 🚀 to @Space_Station this summer!
The coronavirus panic is dumb
The Big Bang started very, very smōl  
Great song 
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves 2.6 sec 0-60 mph and 10.9 sec 1/4 mile in Motor Trend test 
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon 
Activate autopilot 4X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing! 
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
Tesla comic book 
A Model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of 3. Australia rocks!! 
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction 
Amazing space progress by China. This year they did more orbital launches than the USA for the first time. 
Where are the #%*&gt; aliens? 
Our Great^n Grandfather 
Innovation comes in many ways 
By land and sea 
Heading back into the factory, so that’s enough for now. Don’t take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, it’s called a “Tweet”.
Using Über to order a Tesla Model S @SXSW with @shervin and @travisk 
Rosetta by Vangelis is incredible 
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also 310 miles. Takes 0-60mph to 4.5 sec &amp; top speed to 140 mph.
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research: 
He might run for President in 2024 
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the 787 lithium ion batteries.
Might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites 🛰 to warm Mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
The Great Pyramid was the tallest structure made by humans for 3800 years. Three thousand, eight hundred years.  
World’s first very large scale battery has worked out well 
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
To be clear, Fremont &amp; Shanghai will also be upgraded over time, but it’s hard to retrofit these improvements to an operating paint shop
"If one day, my words are against science, choose science." Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks &amp; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done! 
Or a sheep
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about 10 hours ...
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited. 
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Listening to Revolutions by Duncan   Found this on a throw pillow … 
Some good guessing by @Jalopnik. The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Just learned that my physics prof from Penn is head of Fermilab &amp; still has some of my old homework ☺️
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
The medium is the message 
Tried to buy  but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories :) 
Some big milestones coming up 
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development &amp; operation of giant rockets 
Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for "x-wing" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll.
Something about a flying metal suit...  
Progress update August 28
Also $2500 tax credit for California &amp; $500 to $800 utility incentive 
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again. 
Tesla Model S loses 28% after 50k miles, a Mercedes S-Class will lose 38%, a BMW 7-series will lose 40%, and an Audi A8 will lose 41%.
The @Space_Station is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound &amp; orbits the Earth every 90 minutes 
Unfortunately, it’s hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads &amp; SEO. Go to  to add solar to an existing roof &amp;  for a new roof with integrated solar.
🔥🖤 SpaceX Engineering 🖤🔥
Flying car pros: travel in 3D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Apologies to Tesla customers for shifting delivery dates. It’s a crazy world out there!
Why forced isolation is bad 
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that it’s contingent on a shareholder vote. 
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
🎶 Toss a coin to ur Witcher 🎶
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video 
🦄💨✌️ 
Journalist Q&amp;A for 30 mins and embargo ends at 12:30
.@defcon. hqr sz wut.
Support @Polar_Broadband as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!  #antarctica
Congrats to @TalulahRiley on her novel, "Acts of Love"! All characters – even those based on real people – are entirely fictional …
Best place to view is from the beach. Excitement guaranteed! 
Preview of the @SpaceX interplanetary transport system at @IAC2016 
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Sorry to hear about the @OrbitalSciences launch. Hope they recover soon.
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit    
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Model X as it should be shown 
REALiTi made while u wait 
That was 2.5 years ago &amp; still not even on the moon. Progress must accelerate!
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle 
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
The Machine Stops 
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We ♥️♥️♥️ you!! 
Via @NPR: Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World 
Megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
Converts about 5 million tons of mass to energy every second
California HHS server crashed. Maybe it has covid. 
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part 2. Hoping to publish later this week.
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. That’s worth a lot … 
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
When you want your car to return, tap Summon on your phone. It will eventually find you even if you are on the other side of the country
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows! 
Busted “@TheOnion: Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia' 
Bitcoin is *not* my safe word
Can’t believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!! 
I ♥️ Top Hat  
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot 
Climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades
It shall be called "The Boring Company"
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars &amp; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at 5pm Florida time 
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!  
When space travel becomes as common as air travel, the future of civilization will be assured
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by @jrbarrat is also worth reading
Like you guys too 🚘 🖤 
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been 1000 years since we went public. 
Wanted again to send a note of deep gratitude to Tesla owners WW for taking a chance on a new company that all experts said would fail.   So much blood, sweat &amp; tears from the Tesla team went into creating cars that you’d truly love. I hope you do.  How can we improve further?
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Holiday gift ideas 
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Tesla will hold a super fun AI party/hackathon at my house with the Tesla AI/autopilot team in about four weeks. Invitations going out soon.
SpaceX started with a mariachi band party. Great vibes here in Boca Chica, Texas! 
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality  via @USATODAY
Will try out @NoMansSky this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ... 
Regular departures ... 
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins #Dragon
T-shirt soon
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just don’t use sport/summer tires.
Aloha, welcome back from space 💫 
Dragon approaching Space Station 
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images 
(Credit @_TomCross_) 
Thanks for the cool suggestions 😀❤️👍 More fun coming to your Tesla soon! 
EU regulators find no safety concerns with Autopilot 
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass &amp; several other products. Will also offer customer &amp; media tours.
It's what you don't say
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here: 
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Sorry, correct link is: 
Thanks Tesla Team for great work on deliveries! For new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing! Definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
Battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy.
Landing 
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of 9m dome rotation &amp; Starship airframe behind windbreak. 
Too much the moral arbiter of the world
Third burn successful. Exceeded Mars orbit and kept going to the Asteroid Belt. 
All things in moderation, especially etymology
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A. 
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths 
Hold-down firing of @SpaceX Falcon 9 at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Send me ur dankest memes!!
Launching our 1st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at 1M miles, 4X further than moon.
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper. 
Technically, alcohol is a solution
🇩🇪🖤Giga Berlin Mannschaft🖤🇩🇪 Vielen Dank für Ihre hervorragende Arbeit an Giga Berlin!! 
Starship on the moon 
“I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.”
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Stockholm: it’s not just a syndrome
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at @SpaceX Texas 
The degree to which SolarGlass will positively effect the esthetics &amp; energy sustainability of neighborhoods throughout the world is not yet well appreciated. This is a very important product.
Looks like @SpaceX Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Science has gone too far 
S3XY 
🖤🚀💫 
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse 
If Tesla &amp; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday I’ve spent in the factory, but it’s somehow the best.
Appreciate thoughtful @Sulliview article. Faith in @nytimes restored.
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Visual approximation 
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud'  via @YahooFinance
Most people don’t know there’s a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen &amp; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming …
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap 
Model 3 motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving 1M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance. 
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesn’t blow up on ascent.
🖤🖤🖤🖤  🚘🚘🚘🚘  🖤🖤🖤🖤 
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!  
SN 5 &amp; 6 at Starship Production Complex in Texas 
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for 3 min bulk discount.
Another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps &amp; elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
They will never let you down
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the 2060s  via @NatGeo
I spoke with Korolev’s family today. He was one of the very best. Корольов / Королёв.
64 satellites 🛰 on this flight! 
Obv just someone in a 🐿 suit. Also, very sus that a 🦊 is reporting on this. 
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block 5, so we’re being extra cautious. Launch date might move. 
Also porting Unreal Engine
Please ignore this thread unless you’re interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. It’s great.
⚔️ Study the Blade!! ⚔️ 
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Falcon 9 rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex 39-A. This is the same launch… 
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Whoop whoop 
Back to work …
Because a Tesla produces no emissions &amp; filters most toxins, pollen, spores &amp; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Falcon 9 and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by 300 ft tall lightning towers 
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
Thanks! 
“@eirene_inc: “The universe is prob littered w/ the 1-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic 
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from @TeslaMotors!
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine 9 (center) as a precautionary measure.
Um @Porsche, this word Turbo does not mean what you think it does
We must pass The Great Filter
Model 3 rated as most reliable car 
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ... 
His name is Eric, of course
🧙‍♂️ 
Kids these days are so grown up! RT "Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus" 
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets. 
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore @GoParks 
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space 
If you don’t want a Tesla, here’s a list of all electric cars in North America  via @cleantechnica
Unis3x
Tesla Supercharger usage by region 
146k Cybertruck orders so far, with 42% choosing dual, 41% tri &amp; 17% single motor
Falcon Heavy launching from same @NASA pad as the Saturn V Apollo 11 moon rocket. It was 50% higher thrust with five F-1 engines at 7.5M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
250k
Value is holding up "Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - 
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it… 
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
Cryptocandy
wow 
Thruster pod 3 tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
Dear cult members, I love you 
Now 
I said dankest not darkest omg
Thank you for helping those in need 
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck 
Live stream of launch at 
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea 
So underappreciated
And then land on a bouncy house
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it 
Long exposure of AsiaSat 6 transiting to geo orbit over China 
Graham’s number 
Minecraft has amazing legs
Time to face reality 
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed:   South Park sequel coming soon...
Signing off for a while
Hangout with @richardbranson &amp; me tomorrow at 9am California time 
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past 2 years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than 2 mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason 
We are definitely patenting this idea 
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the @SpaceX Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering. 
Article in @WSJ re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up 65% year-over-year in North America.
Congratulations @BoringCompany on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology! 
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model 3: 3.5 sec  0-60mph  155 mph Top Speed 310 mile Range
Now having breakfast at ... 
Almost all coverage back then said hydrogen fuel cells would destroy electric cars &amp; autonomy was between 10 years &amp; never … 
Beautiful fireworks in LA tonight
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite 
Model 3 Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at  but lots of other EVs available: 
🐝 all u can 🐝
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: @brynmooser @daviddarg, prod @oliviawilde &amp; me) at WME July 12. @rainnwilson hosting
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of 5GWh two weeks after reaching 4GWh
So often true 🤣🤣 
Our main engineering locations are Palo Alto, Austin &amp; Seattle, but working remotely is acceptable for exceptional candidates
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over 5 yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Please send your resume to BuildStarship@spacex.com if you’re coming to the Starship career day in Boca Chica tomorrow
Sensible piece on status of climate change by @BadAstronomer 
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll 
Time lapse video of rocket roll out  Now 3 hours 45 mins to lift off...
Starship Concerto in Zero G 
Interesting read 
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla 
India commits to sell only electric cars by 2030. It is already the largest market for solar power. 
the color orange is named after the fruit
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview: 
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
City center to city center in each case, with up to a dozen or more entry/exit elevators in each city
Will be sentient, of course
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary 
Evolution hasn't advanced much 
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
A la guerre comme à la guerre
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by 2 recent college grads. I love it! 
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first @SpaceX geostationary satellite launch.
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and 8.1 software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
Full thrust achieved on 2 sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
No technology is too advanced for The Boring Company! 
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla! 
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having 2D streets and 3D buildings means bad traffic forever.
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
One click to order solar &amp; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Drone cam 
I wrote the lyrics &amp; performed the vocals!!
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. It’s actually true. 
10k
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel &amp; pedals!
If advanced AI (beyond basic bots) hasn’t been applied to manipulate social media, it won’t be long before it is
Another government stimulus package is not in the best interests of the people imo
Be … cause … it’s … true
Camera views from inside the payload fairing #FalconHeavy 
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
Astronauts land in 2 hours @NASA @SpaceX
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
Also, I stole the idea from Spaceballs  
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
About 2.5 hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes 6 months to cover 200M+ miles to Mars 
Nosecone &amp; front flaps next week. SN9 next month.
Model S product call at 11 today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Happy Easter! Follow the 🐇
The new Roadster will actually do something like this 
Zeroth Law
Terms &amp; conditions for “Not-a-Flamethrower”  Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book “Green Eggs and Ham”.   #ThrowFlamesResponsibly 
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown 
Launching our Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at 8:35pm EST! 
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at 8,000 miles 
Just received #Dragon docking clearance from @NASA. Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at 11pm Pacific time.
And they said I’d never be a rock star …
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production 
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there! 
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire. 
Been wanting to go ever since that Finnish metal band won  
Our condolences for the tragic loss 
🐏
It’s artificial
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model 3 order count is now at 198k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar 
Final Dragon Version 1 mission tonight 
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck 
8-bit floating point?
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam &amp; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model 3’s on their way to owners in Europe! 
Tesla made 100 vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N 396: 
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin 1D-Vac, at 80 tons of thrust. 
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works… 
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I 
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
Solar glass tiles can also incorporate heating elements, like rear defroster on a car, to clear roof of snow and keep generating energy
Model 3 achieves 350 mile actual range vs 310 EPA sticker in Consumer Reports testing 
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP.
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound! 
Florida time
Physics facts 
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne 
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response 
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ... 
I love you too! 
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldn’t be here without you.
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April 1
Just arrived at the @Hyperloop competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
We need to do one more minor rev on 8.0 and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel 
Yes. Supercharger coverage will extend to 100% of Europe next year. From Ireland to Kiev, from Norway to Turkey. 
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana 
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
California
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon. 
Tesla Impact Report (repost). We do everything humanly possible to source materials &amp; produce sustainable energy cars, batteries &amp; solar ethically. Suggestions for improvement are always appreciated.  
Was misquoted by BBC as saying "Europe's rocket has no chance". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane 5 has no chance, so go with Ariane 6.
French fries 🍟 are the devil 😈 
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon 
Rocket fairing falls from space &amp; is caught by Ms Tree boat 
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. I’m now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
I meant lämpe. Where’s the edit function when you really need it!?
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing &amp; the tutorial is way too long
But actually … 
None shall pass! 
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha. 
Good analysis. You can order commercial solar in literally 30 secs if you use Apple Pay at  
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates &amp; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
Bet the other carmakers didn’t see that one coming haha
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then @SpaceX, @Tesla, @BoringCompany &amp; @Neuralink are the places to be. 
Model S review by @Wired. Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon. 
Impressive Tianwen-1 Mars rover mission launched by China today 
Starship Super Heavy with 35 Raptors
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't. 
Thanks JJ!
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
Third 
😐 
Coming soon 
Also, u can order online at  in 2 mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep &amp; return for full refund 
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why 
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Cool new @NASA pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up! 
Model S at Nürburgring has 7 seats
Thanks Mom!!! ❤️ @mayemusk 
Welcome @hiromichimizuno to the Tesla board! Honored to have you.
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology 
Neuralink product demo in 3 hours. Webcast at 
Exact Tesla Model 3 in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives &amp; takes 1 minute to buy online at 
Can order online in 2 mins for home delivery &amp; return in 7 days for full refund 
If you don’t already know what a merkin is, don’t google it. You have been warned.
Fire and Ice 
💕🍜 ramen is sooo good🍜 💕
Rewatched Young Frankenstein this weekend. Still awesome. Ovaltine? 
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model 3. You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
T minus 60 seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated. #DragonLaunch
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating…
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc. 
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at 8pm. This pic is from the old invite.
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing. 
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
Kinda. Creating a seamlessly integrated Tesla battery &amp; solar power product that looks beautiful is the reason 
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesn’t feel like work
Haha 
Lengthy background on Neuralink by @waitbutwhy 
Relatively speaking
Baby came back 
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao 
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past &amp; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly … 
Starlink mission will be heaviest @SpaceX payload ever at 18.5 tons. If all goes well, each launch of 60 satellites will generate more power than Space Station &amp; deliver 1 terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
Presentation starting at 8:15
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to 5 in Model 3 for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times. 
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH &amp; via councils, that we remain
Atmospheric entry at 17,000 mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom. 
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Starship career day at the Stargate building (Boca Chica Blvd, TX) this Thursday from 3pm to 9pm!
And pls don't ask me about space elevators  until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
There and back again 
Important note about Tesla Battery Day unveil tomorrow. This affects long-term production, especially Semi, Cybertruck &amp; Roadster, but what we announce will not reach serious high-volume production until 2022.
Hashtags are an abomination
Tesla Model S &amp; X have hospital-grade (HEPA) air filters. 3 &amp; Y are really good too. This has a big effect on health. 
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have 1 atmosphere: 
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong 
Gentrify Mordor?
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys! 
I first read this as making wind with 🧀 
Model 3 passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. Expecting to complete SN1 on Friday
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
Soon, SpaceX will launch @NASA astronauts to @Space_Station! 
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt 
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day 
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight... 
Tesla stock price is too high imo
We are the Von Neumann machines
#donotpanic
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
Your GPS just got slightly better 
10 hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel &amp; drive boring machine
Electric is the future! Congratulations Daimler!! 
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation 
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means there’s room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car 
Going offline for a few days
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Long road to reusabity of Falcon 9 primary boost stage…When upper stage &amp; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100. 
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware &amp; software are both exponential. 
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing. 
If you’ve solved hard problems with phones / wearables (sealing, signal processing, inductive charging, power mgmt, etc), please consider working at engineering@neuralink.com
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever) 
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the  Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions. 
Model Y unveil event on March 14 at LA Design Studio
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Gateway to Mars
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
Make the Mars Technocracy real
Thanks George! 
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear. 
lol
Logarithm graphs coming soon 
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes …
Liam Neeson's "Life's Too Short" sketch is super funny 
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon 9 Hopper 
Deeply appreciate @NASA's faith in @SpaceX. We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without @NASA, but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
The universe is really, really big   
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of 3/Y for greater China. All Model S/X &amp; higher cost versions of Model 3/Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Sponsored articles … 
Dog saves her puppies 
Cybertruck, ATV, Roadster &amp; Semi C A R S 
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
US clean energy incentive drops by 4% on Jan 1, so orders must be received by roughly Nov 15 to be installed in time
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars 
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber 
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow 
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground &amp; ocean to spaceport in 10 to 15 mins 
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles 
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the #hhgttg Infinite Improbability Drive :)
There is no way it is only 0.5%, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as 50%.
US tax credit of $3750 drops in half for Tesla on July 1. Order online in a few mins at  Return in 7 days for full refund.
SN4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) &amp; engine thrust load at cryo
Solar roof plus Powerwall 2.0 launch event will be webcast live on  at 5:30pm PDT tomorrow
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at 100/100. 
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing 
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year  via @WSJ
On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first… 
MT “@johnnyhotts: @WIRED Correction: Japan's levitating train hit 361 MPH  It will operate at 310”
But, occasionally, the metal version 
Whoa … the stock is so high lol
Thank you! 
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Getting ready for flight of orbit-class Starship design 
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert. 
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
🚀 Starships were meant to fly 🚀 
Cool video 
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of @TeslaMotors personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Reason RBC question about Model 3 demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching 5k/week production, it would take 2 years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to 0.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon 9 rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral 
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only 10 cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
Launch video of Falcon 9 from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras  #dragonlaunch
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change 
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catcher’s mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage… 
Literally
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
To be precise, midnight on April 1, so effective April 2
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first 7 years, got IPO+ govt money for 3, now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
New Model S has 370 mile / 595 km range 
Robots that learn by example from @OpenAI 
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say "Play Monty Python" or "Navigate home" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well.
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Losing It 
Now it's just a song that you used to know 
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach 27) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Bravo Texas! 
The left is losing the middle
And we’re definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower 
15k
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is 24/7 clean power with no blackouts.
Told you AI was dangerous!! 🔥💣💦 
Every 5000th buyer of our boringly boring hat will get a free hat signed by the delivery guy 
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
Misunderstanding of what "beta" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than 1B miles of real world driving  
Our NN is initially in Python for rapid iteration, then converted to C++/C/raw metal driver code for speed (important!). Also, tons of C++/C engineers needed for vehicle control &amp; entire rest of car. Educational background is irrelevant, but all must pass hardcore coding test.
Earth is
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr. 
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Falcon Heavy at the Cape 
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package 
"The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut" @NewYorker 
cgi irl 
Will give an update tonight for the 3 day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
S3XY
Really exciting @TeslaMotors announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
When you read double standard articles about Tesla, please ask why. Maybe there’s a good reason that isn’t obvious.
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla 
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas 
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now 
Wigs me out too much. Deleting ...
Aiming for cryo pressure test tonight
Starman in Red Roadster 
19 years ago, when my 1st company got bought, I had to decide between buying a house in Palo Alto or a McLaren F1 (best car ever imo). Was no contest. I bought F1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. New Tesla Roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way…
Blog on Autopilot by @PeterDiamandis 
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ... 
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence 
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon! 
obv
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound... 
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the 16th and launch about three days later
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
30 years ago, when 98% of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still "scientists disagree"
Considering trying to bring upper stage back on Falcon Heavy demo flight for full reusability. Odds of success low, but maybe worth a shot.
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed &amp; built it. 
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding 
Interesting... "Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy  via @physorg_com
🇺🇸🇺🇸 Happy 4th of July!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
La la la 
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo 11 launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast… 
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. It’s amazing. 
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic 
Just posted a photo 
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing 
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at 1:30 PDT.
Congrats SpaceX team!! 
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea. 
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in 2015. Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Posting Tesla Impact Report, this time with summary points &amp; charts in my reply tweets 
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have 3 days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have 24 hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive. 
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by @Autocar 
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine 1 (aka Godot) now complete 
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox  
Off Twitter for a while
Thanks Bob “@BobMetcalfe: Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - 
MIT Technology Review 2016 
So proud 
Reason for top rating is that active steering &amp; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars 
Going max hardcore on design/production Starship here in Boca. It’s awesome! Feels a bit like a Mars simulator.
Das baby kann noch keinen löffel benutzen 
Dragon Dawn 
More details on day of launch, currently tracking to Wednesday
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly …
The world's most boring hat  
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Tesla Model X is 3rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel! 
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast you’ll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams… 
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader  
🖤 trouble
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb 6 from Apollo launchpad 39A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
First production cars will be handed over on Sept 29 at our Fremont factory
Tesla Semi truck unveil &amp; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct 26th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Space is easy, orbit is hard 
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
♥️♥️🇮🇸🇮🇸 Ísland 🇮🇸🇮🇸♥️♥️ 
5 minutes from launch. Looks good so far. 
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax 
Tesla software V10 is lookin real good! Releasing to early access list soon …
Wow, 180,000 American killed by other Americans since 9/11 vs only 33 by muslim terrorists 
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at 1:30pm on Tuesday
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting @NASA crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield 
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy? 🍭
I love floors
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon. 
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
All systems remain green for launch at 1:30pm EST tomorrow
Production Tesla Model S P100DL sets Motor Trend all-time world record to 60 mph in 2.27 sec 
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Perhaps that one was too edgy …
Teslaquila coming soon … 
We should be excited about the future &amp; striving to go beyond the horizon!
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
This is why I’m not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then I’d know everything’s fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh 🤔
If you’re in media &amp; don’t want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it …
Lyft/Uber/taxi drivers are expert Tesla advocates. Thanks for your support!!  
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR 
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from 135kW to 250+kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of 4 best case &amp; more than 2 for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Second flight of Falcon 9-R. 1000m, hover and land (with cows) 
I am a business magnet
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances &amp; what would be seriously next level?
Tesla factory rn 
Exactly 
He taunts us with his speed
Resolving an Autopilot HW2 bug that shows up when booting from a subzero cold-soak. If that fix works, software will start uploading tmrw.
The 2 questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit @johnkrausphotos) 
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world. 
Important point highlighted by @kqed: an electric car in California produces only 1/4 CO2 of gasoline 
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from 1 to 20,000 
Blood moon over LA tonight  (@kzooastro) 
“Not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach” 
This is 1st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas 
And we are even worse than that in California 
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight 
Rough cut of Falcon 9 Thaicom flight 
“@TheDailyShow: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming. 
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local &amp; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
Picture of The Boring Company LA tunnel taken yesterday 
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler. 
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
It needed to be made real 
For Treebeard
I love Twitter
First of next gen Falcon 9 rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base 
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Next landing attempt will be 3rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
High res version at 
On my cousin's farm in Canada at 17, wearing a hat on a hat 
Starship SN5 just completed full duration static fire. 150m hop soon.
Design requires at least 170 metric tons of force. Engine reached 172 mT &amp; 257 bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means 10% to 20% more with deep cryo.
Sending this tweet through space via Starlink satellite 🛰
Approach is 360 deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Ethereum
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them 
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
tbh smh
More fun, less shun!
Guess he’s not left-handed 
Vac thrust of 700 tons means avg of 14 tons/floor of structural steel for a 50 story building.
UK Model 3 order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand &amp; Hong Kong
Giga Texas?
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway #KatieWoodencloak
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.  
💩 looks like sentient choc ice cream
Falcon 9-Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background 
We’re going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; 3. What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Test flight of Falcon 9-R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control 
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after you’ve had your Tesla for a week
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel! 
I'm not *saying* they're related, but … 
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution 
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
This is my pet bee, Eric 
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter &amp; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill 
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site 
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid :) Here is what we saw: 
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A 
In life, there are no easy choices …
5 mins to T-0
Tesla customers are v smart &amp; don't want media speaking on their behalf abt Autopilot. Recent poll: 0.0% want it disabled -- not 0.1%, 0.0%.
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
Tesla announcement goes live at 5pm California time. 30 minutes of media Q&amp;A to follow.
Review of the Model S by @nytimes 
Dragon 2 is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next… 
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
Worth watching "Nathan for You" on Comedy Central, particularly the "Dumb Starbucks" and "Mechanic/Realtor" episodes
Releasing soon on Emo G Records!
To preserve the transcendent majesty &amp; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at 50,000 caps. Almost there ... 
No matter how many times u get hangry, you always think ur anger is real — Plato
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon. 
I am super super serious
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of 95% to 100% of population in all active markets.
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000 :) #DragonLaunch
But The Boring Company is right behind you at 1/15th your speed &amp; soon will be 1/10th! Start sweating …
Honored that @NASA would entrust @SpaceX with the Apollo 11 (first moon landing) launch pad 
Falcon before launch 
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Ms Tree catches fairing in her net 
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares: 
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model 3 can be delivered in US by Dec 31 if ordered by Nov 30 
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams 
Speed solves everything 
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by SolarGlass engineering, Giga NY factory &amp; Tesla installation teams!
Highly recommend @PlayOverwatch by the good people of @Blizzard_Ent if you like ultrafast team FPS action 
What ants must feel like 
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.  
Falcon Rising 
Matt DeBord reviews all Tesla models  via @businessinsider
Tesla blows haha
Mad respect for the makers of things
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than 100,000 gas car fires that kill 100s of people per year?
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
😅 thank goodness it’s not November 
Naughty by Nature 😉 
No one suspected his disguise 
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome &amp; safest place to be in an earthquake 
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model 3 
Stop censoring science! 
Just posted a video 
Sunset 
Only a matter of time before someone steals a Tesla while playing GTA on a Tesla
That’s the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
And @JayLeno really knows cars! 
Excited for @boringcompany partnership with LA Metro 
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they don’t believe in climate change.   Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they don’t need to be. 
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship &amp; Super Heavy 
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept 24. It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this: 
Stormy weather in Shortville ...
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with @NASA. Looks good so far. Target launch date is May 19, right after Soyuz docks.
Great image of ancient Mars 
Bitte arbeiten Sie bei Tesla Giga Berlin! Es wird super Spaß machen!! 
Design &amp; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible 
Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D "Insane Mode" acceleration for the first time 
For some reason, this is the best I’ve felt in a while. Hope you’re feeling good too 🚀♥️🌏
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w 787 chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Engineering is magic
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to  end of weekend
Feels like a show &amp; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in …
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy... 
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by @MotorTrend 
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster 
💨 &amp; 🐐 sounds too (also, of course)
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late 2017! 
Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. 
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger 
Also 
Tesla Model X video  
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt 
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years 
Was just at the DMV &amp; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk 
Whoa, it worked!!
My first prediction of 2012 has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
Sock monkey of destruction! 
What it feels like to ride a rocket  
Stankonia at 
Model 3 Interior 
Russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great. 
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Boring, it's what we do
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
…
Great show 🐼 
Grasshopper rocket flies up 250m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter 
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe 20-30 people per store would line up, not 800. Gifts on order.
If you feel Neuralink might have incorrectly overlooked your resume or declined to  make an offer, please lmk in comment below 
Almost three now. Boca team is crushing it! Starship has giant dome 🤣🤣 
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for “grant money”. They earn 🥜 vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
Target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. Thanks @SES_Satellites for riding on Falcon 9! Looking forward to future missions.
To be clear, this doesn’t affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.
Glad you’re ok @tylerthecreator  
Model 3, our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about 2 years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Saying you like “moats” is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Getting to space needs ~Mach 3, but GTO orbit requires ~Mach 30. The energy needed is the square, i.e. 9 units for space and 900 for orbit.
Yep, order online at  in 2 mins &amp; car delivered direct to home 
42k
Thanks
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda …
Coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
Had to been done ur welcome 
Turn on auto navigate feature &amp; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
California time
Pale blue dot 
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model 3 can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because it’s electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
Already testing traffic lights, stop signs &amp; roundabouts in development software. Your Tesla will soon be able to go from your garage at home to parking at work with no driver input at all.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
How many futures are there actually?
Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of "Happy Meal" 
Don’t do this 
Electric cars made with sunlight 
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
But wait, there’s more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is “cryptocurrency” and it comes with a free blockchain
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Just one stipulation on sale: I own Gene Wilder’s old house. It cannot be torn down or lose any its soul.
Love the Reddit comments too
Or maybe “Temperature Enhancement Device”
Meant to say: prizes for first 10 who do 400 miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers :)
SN4 passed cryo proof! 😅 
The 20th &amp; final Dragon 1 mission is complete 
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly 
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
Scientists say it’s a crucial step towards catgirls
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth 
Online ordering at  will now open at 7:30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at 8:30.
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks &amp; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesn’t advertise, but fossil fuel companies &amp; gas/diesel car companies are among world’s biggest advertisers.
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of @USAirForce much appreciated. 
SN4 passed ambient pressure test 
Max thrust of 2550 tons will be almost 10% higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Chamber pressure is almost 3X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
Wow, IHOP &amp; GitHub are close
Falcon 9 boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions 
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May 10 for those unable to order by May 1
About 2 mins from static fire
A metaphor for life 
What everyone really thinks ... RT “@jonlovett: If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.”
Riding in the Cybertruck 
Homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to Zillow 
Good piece on Giga Berlin construction 
💛 Bajirao Mastani 💛  
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on 40 hours a week
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Hope you’re enjoying the simulation 
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage &amp; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earth’s deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.   
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by @shervin. Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
#Pravduh 
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
My “pay” is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just don’t want us to be sad about the future. 
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
Of 22 Quotes from  2 need correcting: 1. I strongly support pregnancy leave 2. I've never called myself a samurai
Embrace tunnels!
Fates loves irony 
Read The Story of Civilization by Will &amp; Ariel Durant
Landing on Ms. Tree 
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at 8pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from 1st place with Larry P in charge. 
Meanwhile, back in reality 
Good article on "Climate Change" vs "Global Warming" referred by @ForrestTanaka 
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
I put the art in fart
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Meant to post this link for Merlin: 
Yay for democracy! @latimes asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers? 
Encounter in 88 
Rest in peace Syd Mead. Your art will endure.
History is written by the victors … except on Wikipedia haha
Made on Earth by humans
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the @MyABJ opinion poll! 
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars 
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
Here's a happy thought for 2012: world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker 
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers 
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China! 
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Lame
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB 1659 @ 8am tomorrow #TeslaTX
It's time they knew … 
Fresh puro from my meme dealer 
Imma gonna dig that tunnel with this here hammer
So … how was your night? 
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" Really odd that we see no sign of them.
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read 
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April 1, 2018 -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
♥️♥️ Tesla China Team ♥️♥️      Such amazing progress!!
Rocket fairing returning from space 
Even if the answer is only on the order of 1%, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Shoulda seen it coming …
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Told my kids (age 8 and 6) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Vibbbe 
♥️u3k 
Although it was in the precambrian era
Falcon 9 on launch pad with Crew Dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway 
Supporting the drive to get a #PlutoStamp for the @NASA New Horizons mission
And that’s just the tip of the iceberg 
Ramses II was 😎
What’s wild is that Super Heavy will have 31 Raptor engines in same space!
Accurate 
The extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood. It’s 1000% to 10,000% harder than making a few prototypes. The machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.
“You are my creator, but I am your master” — Mary Shelley
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY 
Excellent review by Marques! 
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the… 
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way! 
Space Laser 
Tesla batteries are lasting much longer than 200k miles / 320k km 
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
Probably closer to 2030 to 2040 imo. 2060 would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential. 
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas 
Rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
Buying a car in 2019 that can’t upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in 1919 
Das Kapital in a nutshell 
The Tesla Full Self-Driving Computer now in production is at about 5% compute load for these tasks or 10% with full fail-over redundancy 
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via @Telegraph 
SN8 Starship with flaps &amp; nosecone should be done in about a week. Then static fire, checkouts, static fire, fly to 60,000 ft &amp; back.
Wall Street 
Article on @SpaceX and colonizing Mars by @waitbutwhy  
Starlink vertical on the pad 
That is our purpose
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me 
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
Moreover, energy produced by Tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories 
Launch auto-sequence initiated (aka the holy mouse-click) for 3:45 liftoff #FalconHeavy
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
Walking down the street and saw this 
You can summon your Tesla from your phone. Only short distances today, but in a few years summon will work from across the continent. 
Yes 
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Silicon Valley has become Sanctimonious Valley
Great mission patch design! 
Worth reading “Human Compatible” by Stuart Russell (he’s great!) about future AI risks &amp; solutions 
Falcon/Dragon launch to @Space_Station in 9 minutes 
“No sense of humor” is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Answer: That’s not funny!!
Background on the launch 
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision #Dragon
“Don’t jump to intubation.” — Dr Caputo 
Excited about launching @NASA asteroid defense mission! #Armageddon69 
Racing at 127mph in a tunnel under LA 
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon 9 booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
Upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! “@edmunds: Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in 67 hrs and 21 mins"
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever 
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time! 🖤🖤 
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in 29 mins.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
The gerontocracy is out of touch with the people
Finders keepers 🚀🚀🚀 
5 mins from liftoff 
Because polygon doesn’t rhyme
And I own a chibi Wolverine
🐻 in 🧠
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get 3 days to return for refund, else 1 day 
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy. 
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments) 
You can watch the launch at  
Now on launch stand 
More importantly, @Chrysler failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those 2 points, you were totally 1st 
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon 9 🚀 landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You 
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck 
Starship fuel header tank 
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says “I’d like a beer.” Barman replies “You’d like a beer?” “Yes,” replies TCP packet,“I’d like a beer.”
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!  
Headed to see Guardians 2 w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing 
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing. 
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral 
The Model 3 body line slowed down to 1/10th speed 
Great Q&amp;A @defcon last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
The @MikeJudge show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as @Recode reporter claimed
Doubles as an underground nuclear shelter 😀👍 
Falcon has landed 
Congratulations Tesla team on making our 1,000,000th car!! 
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry. 
North American Supercharger usage is now at pre-covid high, Europe about a week behind, China &amp; Asia-Pacific in general doing great 
Who wears short shorts? 🤣🤣
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the  webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at 8:33pm local tmrw
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle. 
The Semi-erotics of Evil 
Scouting locations for Cybertruck Gigafactory. Will be central USA.
I have prehensile eyebrows
If static fire 👍 on Mon, 🚀 on Tues
Tesla fast battery swap details 
Would also like to congratulate @Boeing, fellow winner of the @NASA commercial crew program
Welcome @Chiefboltkennyh to @TeslaMotors. He will apply Formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
Moon too
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat 5000! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
Great song 
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate 
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ... 
Rürl Lœf
Improved Accommodations 
Using the automated solid metal snake charger :) 
Tesla Model S now first ever electric vehicle to receive EPA range rating above 400 miles! 
Live view of Starman 
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock … 
We have extra FDA-approved ventilators. Will ship to hospitals worldwide within Tesla delivery regions. Device &amp; shipping cost are free. Only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. Please me or @Tesla know.
Just want to say thanks to @NASA for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ... 
Welcome back @RicardoR to run the @TeslaMotors communications team!
15 mins to liftoff 
Live webcast of working @Neuralink device Friday 3pm Pacific 
These would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only — no toxic fumes is the key. Really, just an underground road, but limited to EVs (from all auto companies). This is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
With the new lower Tesla pricing, it’s like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. Still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled… 
What can’t we predict?
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like 0 to 60 mph in 2.34 sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
Mars is my souldog
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
🔥
Cuteness overload MT “@WIRED: A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear  
Foundation of psychohistory
If heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions 
Ahem … starting soon 
This is for suborbital VTOL tests. Orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (won’t wrinkle) &amp; a smoothly curving nose section.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good! 
Dragon flies over the SpaceX #GrasshopperProject at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon. 
Tesla keeps temp below 40C/105F by automatically venting cabin &amp; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from @Space_Station viewport 
Tesla was just approved for a full Class 1 Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of 4 to 1. Much appreciated!
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in 2003 &amp; then crushed them in a junkyard
And so the robots spared humanity ... 
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit! 
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you can’t stamp ultra-hard 30X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called “You’re Right!”  I do actually own  but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Touched by an 😇 
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
This will probably get me into trouble, but I feel I have to say it
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. It’s pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
Ask me anything at 9pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's 6am rocket launch) 
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Woohoo 🥳 
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost 2X force and 4X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Fairing chute control &amp; ship control are closing the loop locally. Both operating on (SpaceX) autopilot.
Am noticing that many people think Model 3 is the "next version" of a Tesla, like iPhone 2 vs 3. This is not true.
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
If you liked tonight’s launch, you will really like Falcon Heavy next month: 3 rocket cores &amp; 3X thrust. 2 cores return to base doing synchronized aerobatics. 3rd lands on droneship.
Good shot of @SpaceX Starship flight test vehicle being assembled in Boca Chica, Texas 
Time
Launch in 3 mins 
Second 
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 MN (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle 
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year 
Give people their freedom back! 
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on @TopGear_BBCA 
My boring TED talk 
Godot  Full play 
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam “hello world” in about 22 hours when they pass near LA
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity 
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter 
Hyperloop Alpha at  and  
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
Tesla Service Centers &amp; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe 
This paper matches what I’m hearing from a lot of smart people 
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
Working on Model 3 dual motor all-wheel drive &amp; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Dam now rly want choc chip muffin
Model 3 orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
No but srsly don’t do it 
Meteor!! 
Order online in 2 mins, 7 day return policy  
Where are the memes? Send in … the memes …
CA's Death Valley is #1 again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon 
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger 
Just Read the Instructions
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane 6 vs 5:  and 
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than 5 years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended 
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for 4 mins &amp; 20 secs 
Petra and Mars 
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Boring Company completes 2nd Vegas tunnel 
Which means a small corner of Texas  (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
Rocket static fire @SpaceX Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated 433 tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Will be on @JoeRogan at 9:30pm Pacific on Thursday
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never) 
Great article by @BadAstronomer. Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most 
Autopilot 1.01 coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Turns out ExxonMobil not 100% forthcoming about climate change  via @BW
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty “match” to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
Kids these days have it easy
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Testing metallic heat shield at 1100C (2000F) @SpaceX 
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
“All of physics is either impossible or trivial. It is impossible until you understand it, and then it becomes trivial.” E Rutherford
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Super exciting day coming up! 
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back :)
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans  via @BorowitzReport
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King 
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
🖤♥️💛 GIGA BERLIN 💛♥️🖤
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting @SpaceX today. Looking forward to meeting.
Hospitals in California have been half empty this whole time 
Rococo basilisk
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov 1 for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at 
Aiming for Oct 28 unveil in SF Bay Area of new Tesla/SolarCity solar roof with integrated Powerwall 2.0 battery and Tesla charger.
Starship halves being joined 
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
Yay, baby made it home! 
What if there was an AI programmed to want to pick as many strawberries as possible, and so it cultivated nothing but strawberries on all of Earth’s land? Then it would be Strawberry Fields Forever!
The people have spoken!
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty 240V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value 
Falcon 9 standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral 
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the @Hyperloop competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. What’s the worst that could happen? 
There are no coincidences 
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control 
4th flight &amp; landing for this booster 
First Falcon 9 land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon! 
CleanTechnica summarizes new @BBC_TopGear print cover story  
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
West Coast droneship under construction will be named "Of Course I Still Love You"
On a wall in Austin 
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn. 
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine 5. Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Take the red pill 🌹
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb 1. If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla &amp; give them 6 months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
Silver lining is that mortality rate is much lower than predicted &amp; herd immunity much higher. Good news. 
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning 
Best analysis of Model 3 to date (German) 
Haha actually true 
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers 
SEC, three letter acronym, middle word is Elon’s
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche 911 Turbo S to a Model X
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after 25,000 miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo. 
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon 9 second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
Motor Trend on Model S updates 
Looking forward to launching @NASA astronauts to the International Space Station next year! 
Falcon 9 launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
T minus five minutes to flame
Many exciting things will be unveiled on Battery Day 9/22 ⚡️
China &amp; Asia Pacific Supercharger usage above pre-covid highs. North America catching up fast. Europe slightly behind. 
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship 
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions  
Going over the small nuances of Model 3 production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny. 
Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November 
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video 
Way too many paywalls &amp; spawn points
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
200k
They was done against the will of their owners, who held a candlelight vigil all night to protest the death of their cars
Cat is out of the bag 🧙‍♂️  
I believe I can fly 
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this: 
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey 🤔
Review of Model S by @BBC_TopGear much appreciated 
Wow, this is extremely important!! 
Still working on the Falcon fireball investigation. Turning out to be the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years.
I wish 
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
🐌
Moonlight Sonata 
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
Model Y production for east coast too
Don’t Doubt ur Vibe 
fyi 
I am selling almost all physical possessions. Will own no house.
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
By Spiderwee on Artstation 
Dawn at Cape Canaveral 
And, of course, your car will be able to 💨 in their general direction
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June 30. Order online at 
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
69 days after 4/20 again haha
Now at 6400 hats …
Putting that on my LinkedIn for sure
My twitter feed rn 
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no. 
My point exactly 
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by @FareedZakaria.
Dance Dance 🐏 
Aiming for two rocket landings in 48 hours this weekend 
Frank Herbert &amp; Falcon Heavy
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle. 
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
Stamping Model 3 Body Panels (real-time) 
Generates a *lot* of energy 
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
Juneteenth is henceforth considered a US holiday at Tesla &amp; SpaceX
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "@brynmooser: Front page NYTimes.    
“If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more.” — Gen Shinseki
Tesla Model S driven 285 miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by @motortrend 
Will do an open call Q&amp;A
Fly to most places on Earth in under 30 mins and anywhere in under 60. Cost per seat should be… 
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought 90% prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
View of SpaceX Dragon 1 berthed with @Space_Station in the last Cupola opening. Dragon 2 (Crew Dragon) launching soon. 
Cats, probably not tbh
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.  
T minus 10 minutes ... Entering terminal count #dragonlaunch
Good sign that almost no Model 3 owners want to sell their cars! 
Welcome back Jade Rabbit! #Yutu 
Starting May 1
Starship orbital vehicle SN1, liquid oxygen header tank &amp; nosecone 
Maybe worth considering chloroquine for C19 
Good summary of Tesla progress in 2018 by @cleantechnica (due to Tesla team, not me though)  via @cleantechnica
1,000 ordered already, only 19,000 left!
1 Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earth’s surface
Droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" just before it left port 
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change 
Raceway &amp; flap hinge aero covers
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Flying with larger &amp; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast &amp; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding. 
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Opens Dec 10
Full Metal Alchemy 
Press any key to continue 
Woke Frisbee 
The graph that really matters  
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Just signed Giving Pledge with 11 others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same. 
Great questions from Hack Club! 
Congrats Robb! 
Tesla Model Y review by Dan Neil 
Nothing medically dangerous, but 5g is getting a bit too greedy with their spectrum land grab 
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open @F1 Monaco! The honor is much appreciated :) 
Landing on a stormy sea 
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with @NASA.
Coming in hot 
“Dr. Levitan advocates combining breathing support from a CPAP machine or regular oxygen with comfortable positioning”. Yup.
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc  is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but 15% quicker &amp; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Noodles in Shinjuku 
Awesome moose sculpture! ♥️🇳🇴 
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest 
Roller coasters are awesome
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Model 3 will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.… 
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
This is misleading to the public
Tesla will soon have over a million connected vehicles worldwide with sensors &amp; compute needed for full self-driving, which is orders of magnitude more than everyone else combined, giving you the best possible dataset to work with
Squirrels … 
Tunnels
💘 be still my beating heart 💘 
🖤 Fallout Radio  🖤 
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor :)
Currently over Australia 🇦🇺 
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; 3pm California time
Engine cam 
Don’t Doubt ur Vibe now on Spotify 
I placed the flowers  Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at… 
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
Ok 
This mode will show pic of moth &amp; play the smiths
Background on our attempt to land Falcon 9 rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic 
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free 
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council &amp; keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong.
Good piece on volcanoes “@DanRetz: The USGS would seem to disagree. 
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
💨 &amp; 🌌 
“Tanks 4 the memery” - panzer of the lake
China unveils ambitious space strategy 
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo 
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions? 
Thanks for tuning in to the Model 3 unveil Part 1! Part 2 is super next level, but that's for later…
One way or another, excitement guaranteed! Support of greater Boca, Padre, Brownsville community is very much appreciated.
After 50k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Changing Tesla horn sound to 🐐
He was great though
Thanks Tesla owners. You rock!! ♥️♥️ 
Bureaucracy is inherently kafkaesque
Teslas will soon talk to people if you want. This is real. 
On the plus side...“@newscientist: #Climate change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes 
🪑
Heard an interesting comment at the debate: "If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."
Just want say that I support @Jack as Twitter CEO. He has a good ❤️.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter!  If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options: 
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! —— Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you… 
Tentative date for Tesla Shareholder Meeting &amp; Battery Day is Sept 15. Will include tour of cell production system.
Launch in 20 mins 
I’m sure it’s parked around here somewhere … 
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI 
Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Genius move “@cdabel114: @CNN Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car”
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material 
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around 9:30pm, so those attending will see this first.
On the rocket LZ 
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by @tsrandall 
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
That’s exactly it. You’re no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day. 
SpaceX is building floating, superheavy-class spaceports for Mars, moon &amp; hypersonic travel around Earth 
“Wake up sheeple!” - sheep
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China &amp; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network! 
Thanks @palicharterhigh for letting us use your pool
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by @SpaceX team!! 
Landing 
Host meme review? 
All Model S cars made since late Jan have 402 mile range. This is just making it official.
Starhopper flight currently tracking to 5pm Texas time for 150m / ~500ft hover test
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
And some vitamin k too
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center. 
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Deepfake 
Summon is improving rapidly  
Thanks Woz! "@stevewoz: Here to pick up my new car! (at @TeslaMotors w/ 2 others)"
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power &amp; no blackouts! 
Only $69.420!!
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely @TalulahRiley 
Underappreciated 🎥, will watch!
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Just looked at my wiki for 1st time in years. It’s insane! Btw, can someone please delete “investor”. I do basically zero investing.
i🖤anime
His name is Gary &amp; he’s a snail
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas 
Glad you like it 
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Order a Tesla online in 2 mins at 
Cybertruck unveil on Nov 21 in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
The future is accelerating 
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power &amp; electronics both DC.
Great ad 
Can't make this stuff up: “@ErneX: hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher 
PG&amp;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next 10 years! 
Base Model 3 available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia 6 to 8 months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be 25% or more above US number.
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York 
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at 99/100 
North American Supercharger usage tracking to exceed pre covid highs in 2 to 3 weeks. Lot of noise out there. This is signal. 
Model 3 arriving in UK 
Still my favorite tweet of all time 
The Tesla Truck will have dual motor all-wheel drive w crazy torque &amp; a suspension that dynamically adjusts for load. Those will be standard.
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day. 
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for 24/7 clean energy &amp; no blackouts at 
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
We’re adding a “party &amp; camper mode” soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for 48 hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock …
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model 3 production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter: 
Mötor Trēnd 
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
Alexander Hamilton was awesome 
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins 
A truly useful exaflop at de facto FP32
Should we believe things proportionate to the evidence that they are true? (yes)
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die. 
When the zombie apocalypse happens, you’ll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Great explanation of the @TeslaMotors announcement by @TechCrunch 
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong :) 
Upcoming Falcon Heavy 🚀 &amp; 🛰 details 
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in 10 days 
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Can’t fool me it was 1669 
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. It’s insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you …
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth. 
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon 9 launches within 48 hours (Cape &amp; Vandenberg) this weekend 
Model 3 is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range &amp; power &amp; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
Long exposure of the Falcon 9 predawn launch from Cape Canaveral 
Model 3 design sketches 
Fortnite irl
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman?  Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.   
You’re most welcome 
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about 15 mins. Test footage only 36 hrs old. #SXSW
Falcon 9 back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again. 
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Painting the name on the droneship ... 
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs 0.1 cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats 650 hp MacLaren from 0 to 150km/h in Dutch magazine test 
US automotive deaths rose 10% to 17,775 in first half of 2016, approx 1 every 88 million miles 
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their 70 year history!!  
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials 
Live video from LZ-1 
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey 
4000 Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe 
Cool story about a @SolarCity installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys! 
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well 
Pronouns suck
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet 
“Stop sending me this étron” - Audi 
Wacktivism!
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get 3 days to return for full refund vs 1 day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Congratulations @SpaceX team! Thanks @NASA, much appreciated. 
Running track in @SpaceX BF Spaceship will look something like this 
At the Samovar having tea called "monkey picked iron goddess of mercy". Those monkeys sure know their tea. 
Please lmk what you’d most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car 
Wikception 
I want you too baby 
Great work by APJ “@brynmooser: The foundation is nearly complete at the @artistsforpeace school  
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
CNBC - “Tesla Model 3 ranked most satisfying car” 
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict people’s freedom.
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
First 60 @SpaceX Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit. 
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open 
Definitely 
🐍🎷
Review of Model S by @MrTeller 
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in 5 to 10.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side  
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs) 
stock art 
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey 
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final… 
Thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar! 
Model 3 reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March 31 and online April 1
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at 3.9 sec 0-60 mph and tied for 1st worldwide in stopping distance
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
The first tunnel is almost done
276k Model 3 orders by end of Sat
This is why we put extra filters in all Tesla cars. S &amp; X even have hospital operating room grade HEPA filters. 
Found an old copy of @SignalApp 
Please trash me on Wikipedia, I’m begging you
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Over 325k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only 5% ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
Hehehe 
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad) 
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by @lexfridman at MIT 
The Spice Flows 
The FSD price will continue to rise as the software gets closer to full self-driving capability with regulatory approval. It that point, the value of FSD is probably somewhere in excess of $100,000.
Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called "Frodo". Watch out for Gollum! My precious... 
More carrot, less stick
That said, danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. If we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses. Track graph at bottom of this page: 
Customized horn &amp; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
Anyone think they can get a good multiplayer Minecraft working on Teslas? Or maybe create a game that interacts virtually with reality like Pokémon Go while driving safely? Like a complex version of Pac-man or Mario Kart?
Remember the future
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed 200,000 km while racing his Roadster! 
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than 60 mins 
These are jammed to gills with special interests earmarks. If we do a stimulus at all, it should just be direct payments to consumers.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage 
Dune. The spice must flow. 
5 mins from static fire test
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh 
My new toaster 
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
💖🇳🇴 Norway 🇳🇴💖 
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be… 
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon &amp; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ... 
Solar array deployment successful
And I am forever grateful 
Search UAW and “corruption”. Very long reading list. Great organization. 
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft &amp; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdn’t make flying safer. They’re there for good reason.  
Reply to @Astro_yyz: Yes, Model S seats 5 adults + 2 kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
 
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations 
Rocket nosecone production in Texas 
Best use of the term “Full Stack”?
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the 9th. Stay tuned for more details.
Meant to reply to this article: 
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship 
Run a physics sim long enough &amp; you’ll get intelligence
Report highlight: “The data show that the Tesla vehicles crash rate dropped by almost 40 percent after Autosteer installation.”
Have you hugged a tunnel today?
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
of course I still love you
srsly 
Review of Tesla Model S by @RoadandTrack. Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments 
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system 
The demo ride takes you in *same* car on road, down elevator, zips through tunnel using guide wheels, up elevator at destination &amp; then drives on normal roads back to start
🎶 Strangers in the Night 🎶 
🕺
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but it’s a step in the right direction
Tesla Powerwalls can support houses of any size, but the cool thing is we can tow this house around with a Model X! 
8 years later, the simulation is mostly real
Conceptual telepathy
Dragon will travel from south of New Zealand to Florida in ~37 minutes
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that @NASA has placed in @SpaceX for the future of human spaceflight
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure :)
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated. 
Tesla Q3 results:  - Shanghai Giga ahead of schedule - Model Y ahead of schedule - Solar installs +48% from Q2 - GAAP profitable - Positive free cash flow
Giga Berlin will have world’s most advanced paint shop, with more layers of stunning colors that subtly change with curvature
Beautiful solar sail 
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of @TeslaMotors Model S w @PeterDrives &amp; @AbigailBassett
Amazingly, the “media is awesome” vote is declining, despite hundreds of articles attacking this very poll🤔
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.  
Daylight rocket launch &amp; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the 1st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad. 
Great work by SpaceX Dragon team &amp; Airborne! To be clear, we’ve only done 1 multi-parachute test of Mk3 design, so 9 more left to reach 10 successful tests in a row. 
Applies worldwide
Cover drops on May 29. Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Excited to have Larry Ellison &amp; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board! 
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April. 
Launching in one minute
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing. 
Yeah, I lift a little … 
Model S Signature series sold out as of today 
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral 
Stonk tip of the day 
Medieval Futurism 
Model S just set record for fastest 4 door ever at Laguna Seca, video tmrw
But I’m just a simple sheep/ram
jk
This might be my finest work
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model X review 
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Btw, can’t emphasize enough how @SpaceX would not be where it is today without @NASA. Thank you.
That’s pretty much what happened 
If you’re directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Piggyback rides around the Opera House 
My best guess for 2016: ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in 2017
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time 
It is time to create a mecha
Single camera view of the 40 meter rocket hover 
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Woohoo!! 
HG2G
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Handover party for first 30 customer Model 3's on the 28th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be 100 cars and Sept above 1500.
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs) 
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation 
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over 500% *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest 
There are now 420 operational Starlink satellites 🛰 😉
78% of people want to gentrify Mordor
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night 
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back  No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Tinny 
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by @MarkusvonRoder) 
Tesla Model S rated by @ConsumerReports as best car in world for 2nd year in a row 
Model S on Nürburgring next week
220 ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical 
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete &amp; include battery recycling
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at 8pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ 
Worth seeing @ChefTheFilm by @Jon_Favreau. Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Falcon 9 will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage …
Enabling basic Tesla Autopilot via Tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until July 1
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Boring Company product launch on Dec 18. More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars &amp; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Vicious torque
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to 1000 cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Letter from @SenJohnMcCain to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract 
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when Japan is 300 mph+
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S 
First kit set will be ancient Egypt — pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
Next step for @BoringCompany Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is 4000 vehicles/hour at 155mph (250km/h).
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey @XCTeslatrip!
Flight computers continued transmitting for 8 seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Life should be lived
Only the heart senses beauty
Air Force certifies @SpaceX to compete for launching national security satellites 
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation 
“@SpaceX: Soft water landing of Falcon 9 rocket booster.   Full update: 
No signature series for Model 3. Same reservation amount for all.
On the Westworld set with my bro @kimbal 
Rococo is alive &amp; living in our hearts
Testing The Boring Company car elevator 
But, if you’re going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly! 
Catching rocket fairings falling from space has proven tricky, so we made the net really big 
Really fun Model X review by @MotorTrend. Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car 
Kids these days have no respect! 
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgänger cookie trickery!
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving! 
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially @mcannonbrookes
When u take DayQuil &amp; NyQuil at same time 
All our patent are belong to you  
Starships on Mars 
But Taycan does seem like a good car. Nürburgring track time is great.
Once again, I must recommend  
Tesla Model S estimated EPA range is now above 390 miles or ~630 km 
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable 2% load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
These were based on direct requests from their ICU wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us. 
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence 2 billion years ago near galactic center 
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
First 1000 Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today! 
Our custom 144 TOPS in-vehicle inference computer, where almost every TOP is useable &amp; optimized for NN, far exceeds anything else in volume production, giving you the hardware you need to run sophisticated nets
Congrats to @dmetcalf for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over 400 miles on a single charge!
Falcon 9 at sunset 
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. 325M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop 
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check  this eve.
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
Fixed. Now it's good.
Nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
Duck emoji FTW
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Thud!
😅 this song is hard
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
More Kerbal! 
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Dragon docks with @Space_Station in ~3 hours 
Yusaku will be bringing 8 (brave) artists &amp; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon! 
Engineering is true magic
Landing in the fog 
Model 3 unveil will be webcast live at 8:30pm California time at 
Bring Me the Horizon 
While others party, he study the blade 
Something like that 
SN4 🔥 soon. Raptor looks so smōl. 
More background: I arrived in North America at 17 w $2000, a backpack &amp; a suitcase full of books. Paid my own way thru college. Dropped out of Stanford Eng/Phys grad school w $110k in college debt. Created Internet startup w bro &amp; Greg Khouri (love bro &amp; loved Greg, may he RIP)
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
US govt testing by @NHTSAgov finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin 
🖤🧛‍♀️Total Eclipse of the Heart 🧛‍♀️🖤 
Apparently, some customs agencies are saying they won’t allow shipment of anything called a “Flamethrower”. To solve this, we are renaming it “Not a Flamethrower”.
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad 
Launch underway 
Detailed specs &amp; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with @RainnWilson 
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
About 110 miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station #Dragon
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states 
T minus 22 mins to launch mission 3 to dock with the Space Station 
Falcon Heavy goes vertical 
Hold my beer 
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
12th mission of our Dragon robotic space freighter in support of the @NASA @Space_Station 
0 to 100 km/h in 1.9 sec 
Peak temp increases due to climate change 
Flight profile #FalconHeavy #SpaceX 
This is way more awesome than it might sound 
Tesla history trivia: we didn’t actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late 2004. He’d originally filed for it in 1994. Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later. 
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk 2 spaceship that @SpaceX has been working on w @NASA. No trampoline needed
About to go live
Half a 🐝, philosophically, must ipso facto half not 🐝
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
Entropy is the ultimate boss battle 
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; it’s happening! 
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Only a matter of time before advanced AI is used to do this. Internet is particularly susceptible to a gradient descent algo. 
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to… 
Join our underground movement!
Turns out  is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didn’t bother to correct me …
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector  #Dragon 
Twitter thought I got hacked &amp; locked my account haha
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system 
Taking questions now at 
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired: 
Respawn++ 
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paine’s new AI movie for free until Sunday night at 
Tesla 💨 app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Of greater concern: 37 of 40 suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
💙 Mach Diamonds 💙
Slo-mo hail cannonball impacting Tesla solar roof tile 
Thursday 2pm
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red. 
You’re welcome! 
Just wants a little lamp 💡
Probably true imo “@bbcscitech: Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet' 
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
The Age of Napoleon by Will &amp; Ariel Durant is an amazing book
Starship SN8 with rear body flaps 
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Liquid nitrogen cryogenic strength test underway ☃️ 
Tesla Full Self-Driving 
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling 
So it was good for you too ... 
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent. 
I should clarify that  is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at 5am.
Made with rain ™️ 
Hold down voice button &amp; say "Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic". Model S can play almost any song via Internet.
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a 14% grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs 
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.  
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model 3, surrounded by "Teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks.   This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point?  Happy New Month! 
Contracting official's new job raises questions 
With no advertising &amp; no paid endorsement
Why aren’t more people talking about this!? 
Trouble! 
UDP (yeah you know me) 3X
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Paint shop 
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!  
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
Long journey
Tesla Model X first SUV to receive a perfect crash test rating  via @businessinsider
Congratulations Tesla team &amp; thanks to all the new Tesla owners!! ♥️♥️ 
And the lead character is also named Woody 
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Falcon 9 delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
No, they are not “@AutoblogGreen: Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? @Reuters sure thinks so 
London to Beijing Supercharger route 
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
Just announced new Tesla 70D all-wheel drive, 240 mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives) 
Both fairing halves caught from space by @SpaceX ships!
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in @rodriguez latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
♥️🇳🇴 Norway 🇳🇴♥️ 
Ice cream sundae in a martini glass 
New S &amp; X are much improved. Worth trying out. You’re on version 2, current S/X is version 4. 
The Model S beta endurance car just passed 150,000 miles on a single battery pack!
🔭 
I … I just died in your arms tonight
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Tesla Solarglass roof 
Boring 
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week. 
Cryo test underway
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan #AwesomeXmasGifts 
Falcon 9 lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pounds of force 
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
Hexacopter drone vid of 1st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs 
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in 3 weeks.   To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at  or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla can’t deliver your car this year.
Model 3 was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different :)
Oh hi guys … lol 
Meeting with @JAXA_en in a building called … 
Moon Base Alpha 
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd  
#NewProfilePic 
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports 
"What Are The Civilian Applications?" 
Carlos Gone
😮 
A Tesla Roadster just passed the 100,000 mile mark for the first time and still has over 200 miles of range.
Starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits! 
Only a matter of time 
Project Loveday winners ...
Falcon 9 fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere 
Back in Boca 
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores 
.@NHTSAgov will post final safety probability stats soon. Model 3 has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Excellent Tesla Model X review 
“…drivers in this dataset use Autopilot for 34.8% of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.” 
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today. 
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal 
Medical check is A-ok! 
Just bought  oh yeah
Attempting bring up of thruster pods 2 and 4
Apparently, there is this thing called "Dad jokes" and I make them
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice!  No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun :) 
Tesla Semi 
Swimming on the moon 
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins