If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of this nation.  We can’t let that happen.
Donald Trump’s hate-filled, conspiracy-laden rhetoric is inflaming the racial divides in our country—but just fixing the way the president talks won’t cut it. We need to root out systemic racism and ensure Black Americans have a real shot to get ahead. 
RT if you’re on #TeamObamaBiden: 
VP: “We think the way you rebuild this country is you grow it from the middle class out, the old-fashioned way, not from millionaires down.”
Nothing can top this endorsement. 
VP Biden’s presenting the Top 10 list on @Late_Show tonight! Tune in at 11:35pm ET: 
Thoughts and prayers won’t end our gun violence epidemic.   It’s past time we take on the @NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform — that starts with banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and requiring universal background checks.
If we don’t take urgent action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover. We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. 
Mask up and vote.   
With Trump, it’s always all about him. It's all about beating his chest about what he's done, the stable genius that he is. We need a real leader. 
Donald Trump is right, this is the most important election in the history of our country.  Chip in to help us get him out of the White House: 
Last Friday, on the 25th anniversary of VAWA, @DrBiden delivered a powerful message and reminded us that there’s so much more to do. Thank you to @UNHSHARPP for the important work you do every day to support women at UNH. 
We don't need to convince the American public that common-sense measures to reduce gun violence are a good idea. 2 in 3 people believe that we need stricter gun laws.
366 days ago, we launched this campaign.  192 days from now, we’ll beat Donald Trump.  Let’s go win this thing, together. 
The United States and our partners make up more than half of global GDP. If we stand together, China won’t be able to withstand the pressure. We should be mobilizing our allies to meet this challenge, not driving them away. #DemDebate
Let me be clear: Hardworking Americans should not be paying more in federal income taxes than Amazon or Netflix.  It’s time for big corporations to finally pay their fair share.
Donald Trump was warned, but he failed to act. Now more than 20 million Americans are out of a job and paying the price. It didn’t have to be this bad. 
Stacey Abrams achieved in a matter of minutes something Donald Trump failed to do in over an hour -- to embrace and give voice to the spirit and core values that make America great.
This afternoon, @KamalaHarris and I filled out our paperwork to get on the ballot in November.  Now, we're counting on you to do your part to make sure you're set to vote.  Get registered today:  
Let's get to work, @KamalaHarris. 
We have not relegated racism and white supremacy to the pages of history. Lynch mobs, arsonists, bomb makers, and lone gunmen. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
.@DrBiden and I are keeping the people of Iowa and everyone impacted by Monday's derecho in our prayers. We've got to make sure Iowans and those across the midwest get the relief they need for a quick and full recovery. 
Time and again, we’ve seen communities ripped apart by America’s gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough. It needs to end. As president, Biden will tackle this public health crisis. #DemDebate 
A woman’s health decisions are up to her and her doctor—no one else: 
There’s a war being waged on organized labor — and it’s only getting worse with President Trump in the White House.   As president, I'll strengthen organizing and collective bargaining rights to strengthen unions. If you’re with me, join my campaign: 
Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents don’t. 
Our planet can’t take four more years of Donald Trump. We have to get him out of the White House so we can start treating the climate crisis like the urgent threat it is.
On this Gold Star Mother's and Family's Day, Jill and I are keeping the loved ones of our fallen heroes in our prayers. May we never fail to honor them and carry their spirit with us every day.
.@Udelaware is my home, been with me every step of the way. Today, it felt like I never left. I am so proud to launch the #BidenInstitute 
Women-owned small businesses like Marsh + Mane are the backbone of communities across the nation. We have got to do more to invest in and support them.  Here's what I'll do as president:  
Pass it on: President Obama’s plan for a second term. 
Progress is bringing people together to get real results. It’s not accusing someone of being a Republican because they don’t share your approach to achieving universal health care. I know what it takes to get things done. I fought to pass Obamacare — I will fight to build on it.
There are just two days until Election Day, and our campaign is working around the clock to get folks to vote.  Can you chip in to help us reach every last voter before polls close on Tuesday? 
America, I’m honored that you have chosen me to lead our great country.  The work ahead of us will be hard, but I promise you this: I will be a President for all Americans — whether you voted for me or not.  I will keep the faith that you have placed in me. 
Amazon, Netflix, General Motors, Chevron, Starbucks, and 86 other corporations paid less in federal income taxes than you did last year. It's wrong — and it needs to end.  It's time corporations pay their fair share. 
Hace dos años, el huracán María tocó tierra en Puerto Rico, devastando la isla y robando la vida de miles. En ese momento en que nuestros compatriotas necesitaron más ayuda, el presidente Trump les falló. 
Joe introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate and has been at the forefront of the fight ever since. As president, he’ll take aggressive action to protect our planet for future generations. #TeamJoe 
Alright @TeamJoe, join us for Happy Hour. Watch our virtual round table on the issues that matter to young folks: 
We are in a climate emergency. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat that it is — before it's too late. 
Instead of preparing our country to fight COVID-19, Donald Trump wasted months and promised it would miraculously go away by April.  He was wrong. And we're all paying the price. 
President Trump's attacks on Congresswoman Omar and Somali refugees have no place in our nation — let alone the White House.  A president should unite us around our shared goals and lift us up, not stoke the flames of hatred and tear us down. 
I promise you that if I’m elected, I’ll always tell you the truth.  I’ll listen to the experts and do everything I can to contain this virus.  And I’ll always put your health and safety first — no matter the political cost.
We need to help as many working families and small businesses as possible. Workers who have lost their jobs or seen their hours slashed and families who are struggling to pay rent and put food on the table need help immediately. There's no time to waste. 
There’s no one better positioned on Earth to lead the world in the 21st century than America. We just have to believe it.
The White House is no place for on-the-job training — Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus has made that even more clear. We need a president who is ready to clean up his mess, take responsibility, and lead us forward on day one.
This election is about the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. 
In honor of John Lewis, C.T. Vivian, and all the essential workers who have selflessly risked their lives, the Senate should pass a bill that ensures working people get real relief — extended unemployment insurance, rental support, and guaranteed sick leave. #StrikeForBlackLives
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, he thinks “hoax.”   I think “jobs.”  Good paying, union jobs that put Americans to work building a stronger, more climate-resilient nation. 
“The President and I have a very different vision for America. It rests on a growing, prosperous middle class, a fair tax code.”—VP Biden
Follow the VP on @instagram (grab some shades before checking out his first post!)  
Today’s decision from the court hopefully means there will not be a question on the 2020 Census, but we have much more work to do to ensure all voices are heard in our democracy.
We are months into this crisis, and our health care workers are still being forced to reuse masks. It’s unacceptable.  Mr. President, fix the PPE shortages before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
Folks, I know these are tough times, but this crisis has made it clearer than ever how much elections matter — and what a difference it makes who is in the White House. If you can, please chip in to fuel our campaign. I would really appreciate it.  
Iran needs to get back into compliance with its nuclear commitments, but Trump appears to have no plan for ensuring that result either. His policy of maximum pressure has produced worse than minimum results.
It’s clear Trump is only interested in using his policies to assault the dignity of the Hispanic community and scare voters to turn out on Election Day, while not addressing the real challenges facing our hemisphere.  Read my full op-ed here: 
Iowa — today is your last day to register to vote online or pre-register in person.   After today, you can register when you vote early in-person or at the polls on Election Day.  Head to  to get registered.
Now more than ever, we need a president who believes in science.
I promise you this: A Biden Administration will listen to scientists and heed their advice — not silence them. 
One year later, @senatemajldr is still stonewalling the bipartisan universal background check bill. It’s unbelievable. It’s time for Mitch McConnell to stand up to the @NRA, do his job, and bring the bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it. 
Take it from VP Biden—you’ll have fun at President Obama’s birthday party: 
“A clear win for Obama”: 
Grins in Dartmouth, New Hampshire: 
Wall Street did not build the middle class — unions did. As president, I’ll ensure that workers are treated with dignity and respect. All workers must receive the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve. Read my plan:  
The distance Trump has put between the U.S. and the rest of the world on the issues that matter most to Americans couldn't be more clear. There is no more telling metaphor for this administration's abdication of American leadership than the empty chair at the G-7 climate meeting.
Trump talks tough on Venezuela, but admires thugs and dictators like Nicolas Maduro.   As President, I will stand with the Venezuelan people and for democracy. 
I’m the proud husband of a teacher and know first-hand the impact of their work. Teachers around the country and in South Carolina deserve to earn a living wage and have smaller class sizes so that America can continue to out-educate and lead the world. #AllOutMay1
The economy wasn’t working for folks long before this virus hit. That’s why @KamalaHarris and I won’t just build back to the way things were — we’re going to build back better.  We’re going to make sure everyone has a fair shot to get ahead. 
We are almost 330 million Americans who have to do what our president can’t. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for what—at our best—this nation believes. 
Our administration brought the economy back from the brink of depression, saved the auto industry, and made health care available to millions of families.  Donald Trump gave billionaires a tax break. 
#Joementum 
President Trump broke his promise to America's farmers. He campaigned on having their backs, but now his administration is abandoning them and claiming family farms might not survive.   I will expand opportunities for our farmers — not count them out. 
We've had to endure President Trump's incompetence and dishonesty when it comes to testing, wearing masks, and socially distancing.    We can't afford a repeat of those fiascos with a COVID-19 vaccine.  The stakes are too high.
Bonus! After the debate, VP Biden will speak to supporters at watch parties. Don't miss it: 
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else he’s inherited in his life — he’s in the process of squandering it. 
COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming together as one America — not by targeting others.  Thank you for helping lead this fight, @AndrewYang. 
I helped pull this country out of a recession before — and, as president, I’ll do it again.
You heard it straight from the president himself: He wants to terminate health care for millions of Americans in the middle of a global pandemic.  We can't let that happen. 
Mr. President, the people are tired. They’re tired of your lies about this virus. They’re tired of watching more Americans die, and more people lose their jobs because you refuse to take this pandemic seriously. 
When I said I trust vaccines, and I trust the scientists, but I don't trust Donald Trump — this is what I meant: 
Folks, you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot. You can vote now in most states across the country.  Head to  and make your voice heard today. #VoteEarlyDay
“She will not back down. She will fight like hell for all of those things that affect people’s lives.” –VP Biden supporting @CatherineForNV
President Trump’s reckless trade war is hurting farmers like Kevin—enough is enough.  Our farmers can't afford four more years of a leader who delivers nothing but empty promises. As president, I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers. 
Don't tell me things can't change. 
In times of crisis, American presidents have always stepped up to meet the moment. But all we've gotten from Donald Trump are lies, excuses, and scapegoats.  Trump has failed our country at a time when we need him most. 
Marge turns 100 soon, so I asked her about her secret to longevity. 
Tonight, @BarackObama, @KamalaHarris, and @MichaelB4Jordan are hosting a grassroots fundraiser to discuss what's at stake this November and the importance of making your voice heard at the ballot box.  Chip in to reserve your spot:  
The Obama-Biden Administration did not conduct workplace raids—in fact, it ended them. #DemDebate
This crisis isn't about you, Mr. President. It's about the American people. 
The fact is we're more than six months into this pandemic, and:  - 11.5 million Americans don't have their jobs back - Almost 30 million are on unemployment - We're down 720,000 manufacturing jobs - Nearly 1 in 6 small businesses have closed their doors
A wall won’t stop a virus. Racism won’t stop a virus.  Do your job. 
Dr. King said that change “comes through continuous struggle.” As we celebrate his legacy today, we’re once again living through a battle for the soul of this nation. We'll win this battle by following his example: standing up, getting involved, and demanding our voices be heard.
Human rights should be at the core of our engagement with the world--not the periphery. As president, Joe Biden will hold accountable Saudi Arabia, China, and every nation that violates the human rights of their citizens. #DemDebate
Now I’m handing the account over to my team before I take the stage. They’ll keep you up-to-date on what’s happening at tonight’s #DemDebate. Make sure to follow along!
Virginia — your voter registration deadline has been extended! Head to  to get registered online before 11:59 PM on Thursday, October 15.
Watch the Vice President describe Mitt Romney’s lack of “sound judgment” on the housing foreclosure crisis: 
Additionally, we should forgive a minimum of $10,000/person of federal student loans, as proposed by Senator Warren and colleagues. Young people and other student debt holders bore the brunt of the last crisis. It shouldn't happen again.
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic. No one feeling ill should have to choose between earning a paycheck or staying home to recover. We need to provide paid sick leave to everyone who needs it immediately.
.@DrBiden and I send our best wishes to members of the Jain faith concluding the holy observance of Paryushan and Das Lakshan. May we all find peace and reconciliation in our lives. Michhami Dukkaddam and Kshamavani!
From my home in Delaware to Milwaukee, Wisconsin — join us for a virtual rally at 3:30 PM CT:  
As simple as it sounds, we need a president who listens. So much of this could have been prevented if Donald Trump listened to someone other than himself.
VP: “Imagine the 40 years of progress we’ve made for women in America—what will happen to that in a Romney-appointed Supreme Court.”
Congressman and former Admiral @JoeSestak has served his country bravely for decades. He ran his campaign with the same standards of strength and respect he has held his entire life. Thank you for your service.
Thank you to the governors who are meeting this moment with decisive action, a steady hand, and compassionate leadership. Thank you for stepping up when President Trump has not.
This initiative will create new, good-paying jobs all across the clean economy in the United States of America. It’s an enormous opportunity.   
40,000 people a day are coming down with the coronavirus. What is the matter with this guy? 
When I wrote the Violence Against Women Act in 1994, I believed it would be a lifeline. But this Congress has turned it into a political football. It’s time to pass a strong reauthorization to the Violence Against Women Act. No more stalling. Lives are on the line.
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation.  We can't stand by and let that happen.
With so much happening on the campaign, we want to make sure you’re up-to-date on the latest news. Text JOIN right now to 30330 to make sure you don’t miss a thing!
Incredible day opening the new @PennBiden Center in Washington. We're working on the foreign policy challenges of this new century and keeping America strong in the world. Looking forward to working with Dr. Gutmann and the @Penn community to engage a new generation of leaders. 
Today, I'm releasing my plan to combat the coronavirus. We need:  - A decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need - A decisive economic response that delivers real relief 
Looking forward to joining @SEIU at the #UnionsForAll Summit this afternoon to talk about my plans to protect and strengthen America’s unions and rebuild the middle class. Tune in: 
If we come together, we will defeat Donald Trump. And when we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation — we will transform it.
Captain Crozier was faithful to his duty—both to his sailors and his country. Navy leadership sent a chilling message about speaking truth to power. The poor judgment here belongs to the Trump Admin, not a courageous officer trying to protect his sailors. 
Housing should be a right — not a privilege. But far too many Americans lack access to affordable, quality, and safe housing.   Today, I'm releasing my $640 billion plan to change that: 
Tomorrow, the people of Alabama will decide whether the United States Senate will gain the courage, character, and integrity of Doug Jones. Find your friends who can vote there, and make sure they're planning on doing it.   
“Keep the faith”:  
I will nominate and appoint federal officials and judges who look just like the rest of America, including the AAPI community. I will build on the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to ensure that everyone has a voice in a Biden Administration. #AAPI2020 
Today, I have named a COVID-19 Transition Advisory Board, comprised of distinguished public health experts, to help our transition team translate the Biden-Harris COVID-19 plan into a blueprint we can put into place as soon as @KamalaHarris and I are sworn into office.
We must invest in resources that support our students' physical and emotional health. A Biden administration will double the number of psychologists, counselors, nurses, social workers, and other health professionals in our schools. #DemDebate 
Before tonight's #LGBTQforum in Iowa, I shared why I believe everybody deserves to be treated with dignity and respect under the law — regardless of who they are or whom they love. 
I’m so proud and so humbled to have @JohnKerry's support. He is an American hero, statesman, visionary, and friend. His endorsement and partnership mean the world to me. 
"One of my proudest accomplishments was writing the Violence Against Women Act — which Marco voted against last time." –VP Biden in FL
Trump’s tariff war with China is crushing American farmers. It's easy to talk tough when someone else feels the pain. We need to be tough AND smart—working with allies to curb China’s abusive trade practices, not isolating us from our closest partners. 
This Holocaust Remembrance Day, as we remember the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime, we recommit to ensuring such atrocities never again occur. With anti-Semitism on the rise, all of us must root out intolerance and give hate no safe harbor.
Rooted in Scranton, fortified in the halls of Congress, and proven in the White House — my values have never changed, and they never will. I won’t stop fighting for the hardworking Americans who make our country run every single day. 
What is President Trump waiting for?   Health care workers don't have enough masks to keep themselves safe.  Hospitals are running low on ventilators that sick Americans could literally need to breathe.  He needs to act now to deliver these essential supplies. Lives depend on it. 
Americans aren’t looking for a handout. They’re just looking for a fair shot to get ahead. But too many people today aren’t getting that chance.  We have to rebuild the middle class — and this time, bring everyone along. 
Let me be clear: I campaigned as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. 
A safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine could save countless lives. We need one as soon as possible.  But while I see a vaccine as a product of science, President Trump sees it as a political tool.  Politics should play no role in this. The Administration must answer the following:
Donald Trump promised to be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."  But in reality, he's on track to become the first president in modern history to leave office with fewer jobs than when he entered.  American workers can't take four more years of his failed leadership.
RT @BarackObama: The Republican primary is all but over, and this race is on. Are you ready? 
How much more did you pay in taxes than President Trump?  Head to  to find out. 
Happy 4th of July! America continues the march toward tolerance, diversity and equality of opportunity that began in 1776—that's patriotism.
Our lunches together were a highlight of every week at the White House. Last week's trip to @DogTagBakery was no different. Happy birthday to my brother, my friend, @BarackObama. 
We are going to be the first Democrats to win Arizona in 24 years.  We are going to be the first Democrats to win Georgia in 28 years.  And we re-built the Blue Wall in the middle of the country that crumbled just four years ago.
Joe photo of the day: The VP casts his vote in Delaware. 
The choice couldn’t be clearer—pass it on: 
Folks, we have to do more than beat Donald Trump.  We have to beat him like a drum.  When I take the #DemDebate stage tonight, I'm going to show you that I'm the best candidate to do just that.  Let's go.
I’ll get to work on day one enacting the changes needed to help the Latino community thrive.  Read my full plan here:  
We’ve been tested. This is a critical moment. Tonight, we’ll take the next step to restore leadership to this country and the White House.   Watch live: 
Today marks 22 years since Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime. Over two decades later, violence against LGBTQ+ Americans is at an all-time high. As president, I'll strengthen our hate crimes laws and make clear that bigotry has no place in America.
To Barack: Good luck tonight, and happy anniversary to you and Michelle. –Joe and Jill
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America — and it's being written every day by folks like Dr. @Craig_A_Spencer, who fought the Ebola outbreak and now COVID-19. @BarackObama and I called to thank him for his service and discuss the moment we're in. 
One year ago, the Supreme Court upheld Trump's Muslim ban—one of this administration's most egregious attacks on our core values. Wielding the politics of fear and intolerance by slandering entire religious communities as complicit in terrorism is wrong, and it’s not who we are.
Let me be very clear: If you make under $400,000 you won’t pay a penny more in taxes under my administration.
We’ve got to come together to defeat Donald Trump –– Democrats, Independents, Republicans, and yes, even Demo-cats. 
More than 42 million Americans have now filed for unemployment in the last three months, and Black and Latino communities are being hit hardest. 
President Trump keeps attacking the U.S. Postal Service, and now hundreds of thousands of veterans aren't getting their life-saving medications on time. It's despicable.  I promise you that as president, I will never put politics over the care of our nation's veterans. 
“Jill has an expression: Any nation that out-educates us will out-compete us. It means we must be the best-educated nation in the world.”
Together we will defeat Donald Trump. But we will also address the climate crisis. We will make college affordable. And we will make health care available to all.  We will not just rebuild this nation – we’ll transform it. And I’m asking you to join me. 
Today, we learned that another 2.1 million people filed for unemployment last week, bringing the total number of new claims since this crisis began to more than 40 million. It's just the latest evidence of Donald Trump’s utter failure of leadership. 
Congratulations to NASA and SpaceX on today's launch. It’s a testament to the power of science and what we can accomplish by harnessing our innovation, ingenuity, and determination. I join all Americans and the people of Japan in wishing the astronauts Godspeed on their journey.
Dr. Biden: “The election is just 17 days away. And the work we do between now and then could make all the difference.”
"We're on the precipice of an American century like we've never ever thought of before." -VP Biden with @timkaine
Where I come from, I don’t like people telling me what I have to choose — that’s why my plan will give people the option to keep their existing plan or buy into a new Medicare-like public option. In contrast, Medicare for All eliminates private and union insurance plans. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. We need to get him out of the White House and restore honor and dignity to the presidency. 
Happy #InternationalDogDay from Major and camera-shy Champ! 
Health care is personal to me. And as president, I'll do everything I can to make sure every American has access to the care they need. 
Folks, with just one month left until Election Day, voting is underway and there’s no time to wait to make your voice heard. Head to  to find everything you need to make your voting plan.
Rural health care will be a top priority in the Biden administration. Under our plan, rural hospitals won’t be threatened by having to get by on low Medicare reimbursement rates for all.
This election is about the soul of America — and a nation that allows our epidemic of school shootings to continue has a troubled soul. We have to beat the @NRA and get weapons of war off our streets. Lives depend on it. 
No one should have to work more than one job to make ends meet. We have to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and build an inclusive middle class that brings everyone along.
It's been a big week: President Obama, Senator Sanders, and Senator Warren all endorsed our campaign — and we need your help to keep this momentum going.  I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today: 
Tomorrow, the American people get their say and will choose the next President. This afternoon, my campaign manager @jomalleydillon and campaign adviser Bob Bauer will sit down to discuss what you can expect as the results come in. You can watch right here on Twitter at 1 PM ET. 
I'd love to, but it's right before the New Hampshire primary — I'll be busy talking to voters about how I'm going to beat Donald Trump. Come join me!  You can sign up to join our team here:  
We may be physically apart, but we are all in this together. 
On day one as president, Joe Biden will take action to put the United States on track to achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions no later than 2050  Because action on climate change can’t wait. #ClimateTownHall 
Donald Trump isn't a law and order president. He's a president who breaks the law and creates disorder.
Tonight in Iowa, a teacher asked me what my top priorities would be as president. Here's what I told him: 
We have to choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division. I hope you’ll tune in tonight as we discuss these important issues and more. If you like what you hear, I ask you to join us by signing up at  Let’s get to work.
Our politics today has become so mean and petty — it traffics in division and our president is the divider in chief. This is not who we are. 
We're eight months into this crisis, and this president still has no plan to rebuild our economy.  I do. I'll get America back to work — and build back better.  Here's how: 
Watch Gen. Colin Powell’s endorsement of @BarackObama and VP Biden: 
The Trump Administration is arguing in the 9th Circuit that migrant children held in detention centers without soap, toothbrushes or beds are in conditions that are “safe and sanitary”.  It’s an all-out assault on human dignity and our standards as a nation. We must do better.
Tomorrow afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women — and I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at 3 PM ET to watch:  
America must defend the values that unite us—we must lead the Free World.   As president, I will remind the world who we are. The United States does not coddle dictators. The United States stands up for democracy.
Every vote must be counted. No one is going to take our democracy away from us, not now, not ever.
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: 
Spoke to my friend Jim Murren, so proud of the men and women at MGM Resorts. #VegasStrong
Before we vote this fall in the most consequential election of any of our lifetimes, I want us to have a real discussion about what really matters: the fundamental issues that determine whether or not all of us are given a chance to live with dignity and to pursue opportunity. 
I’ve had disagreements with Secretary Mattis, but we shared the view — long-held by Democrats and Republicans in this nation — that respect for our allies and a commitment to the most important and effective alliances in history made America safer.
A country that ignores the threat to the very survival of this planet isn’t just troubled — it’s morally bankrupt.  We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and take urgent action to address the climate emergency.
This is our moment to prove that:  Love is more powerful than hate. Hope is more powerful than fear. Light is more powerful than dark.  Vote before polls close: 
Abuse of power is the defining characteristic of the Trump presidency.  Donald Trump has abused the foreign policy of the United States to extract personal, political favors from multiple countries.  We must stop him. 
.@realDonaldTrump, you're a serial liar and the most corrupt president in modern American history. I can hardly wait to take you on. 
The Iowa Caucus is just days away and polls show us in a dead heat. I'm confident that we can compete and that we'll go on to beat Donald Trump—but we need your help to do it.  Every dollar makes a big difference—chip in to bring us across the finish line:  
We are going to build a health care system that puts you and your family first — and that every American can be proud of.
Watch the VP &amp; @JohnKerry at the FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour. Cheer for @ussoccer this summer to bring it back! 
I'm about to take the stage from Nevada. Tune in to watch live: 
Brought by parents, these children had no choice in coming here. Now they'll be sent to countries they've never known. Cruel. Not America.
.@KamalaHarris is showing the American people why I chose her as my running mate. She’s smart, she’s experienced, she’s a proven fighter for the middle class. She’ll be an incredible Vice President.
The moral obligation of our time is to restore, rebuild, and respect the backbone of America—the middle class. That mission will be my North Star as president.
Healthcare is the most important issue to Americans. Senator Harris won't be able to beat Trump with double-talk on healthcare. We have a plan that builds on the ACA by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate.
Last night we made history when we nominated @KamalaHarris to be the next Vice President.   Watch the highlights from night three of the #DemConvention: 
Caroline has served her country with the utmost distinction both at home and abroad. I'm honored to have her support as we head into New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. 
President Trump has emboldened white nationalists with messages of support, called Mexicans "rapists," and told members of Congress to "go back" to where they came from.  The words of a president matter. And Trump has used his to unleash the deepest, darkest forces in our nation.
The words of a president matter. And when a president doesn't wear a mask or makes fun of folks who do, it has consequences.
This is not abstract: a black reporter was arrested while doing his job this morning, while the white police officer who killed George Floyd remains free. I am glad swift action was taken, but this, to me, says everything.
And to Bailey: Champ and Major would love to have you over any time.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most important — who we want to be. It’s all at stake.  That's the case we're making in our first TV ad of the general election: 
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products and support American jobs. Period.  We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America: 
This month marks 50 years since a movement was born on Christopher Street — a movement that has delivered so much acceptance &amp; hope &amp; pride for the LGBTQ community. I stopped by @TheStonewallNYC to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the uprising that changed our world forever. 
You have great taste, @SpeakerPelosi. 
It’s time we see each other as fellow Americans who live in — and love — the United States of America. 
The fires continue to burn in California, and our firefighters are among those who are losing everything. Right now, no matter where you live, you can help. Please give to support firefighters who have lost their homes to the wildfires: 
Together, we can set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a fair shot to get ahead.  Let's do this:  
I’ve never been more optimistic about America’s future than I am today. If we come together and unite this country, there’s not a single thing we can’t accomplish.
Thank you, Florida! 
Senator Sanders' Medicare for All plan would require raising taxes on the middle class.  Joe Biden: "There will be a deductible—in your paycheck."  #DemDebate
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet — we must take action.   As president, not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement — I’ll lead the world to up the ante in addressing our climate emergency.  
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that president. For months, he falsely told us we had nothing to worry about while praising China’s response for managing the coronavirus.
Earlier this week, @DrBiden,@RepRichmond, and I had the opportunity to spend some time with the great folks at @YEPNOLA in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was great getting to see the work they’re doing to inspire the children in their community. 
I give you my word: if you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us instead of the worst. I will be an ally of the light instead of the darkness, and we will once again be united in our love for America and for each other.  Join us:  
I want to extend my prayers and condolences to the Chaldean Assyrian Community this 10th anniversary of Our Lady of Deliverance church massacre in Baghdad. The right to worship is fundamental, and as Americans we should be proud that people from around the world find a home here.
Dr. James Allison and Dr. Tasuku Honjo’s immunotherapy discovery uses our own body’s defenses to destroy cancer. Today’s @NobelPrize award is a significant leap toward ending cancer as we know it and paving the path to a cure. Congratulations and thank you.
My commitment to you is this: I will always listen, I will never stop fighting for the African American community and I will never stop fighting for a more equitable future.
We need to put a black woman on the Supreme Court.
We have to make the places we live, work, and learn healthier and more energy-efficient. That's why my administration will upgrade 4 million buildings and weatherize 2 million homes across the country — creating over one million jobs in the process. 
If we cannot rise to meet this moment, it won’t just be a political failure. It will be a moral one. It will mean that we accept the next inevitable tragedy.  We cannot allow that to happen. We must end our gun violence epidemic. 
Live from our homes to yours. Looking forward to tonight, @JimmyKimmel. 
We need a president who is respected on the world stage. 
The VP’s pledge to those who keep us safe: 
No president can promise to prevent future outbreaks, but I can promise you this: When I'm president, we will be better prepared, respond better, and recover better. We'll lead with science and listen to the experts. And I will always, always tell you the truth.
“‘Romney was willing to go to extremes to secure a federal bailout’ when Bain Consulting was on the verge of collapse.”—VP Biden in OH
This administration is morally bankrupt. 
Hispanic Heritage Month is a reminder of the strength we draw as a nation from our immigrant roots. No matter where your family came from, we're here because we all share the same ideals. That's the story of America — and it is well worth celebrating. 
“We’ve set a goal—and we will accomplish it—of creating 1 million new manufacturing jobs by 2016.”—Vice President Biden
I tell people that when a family experiences tragedy, the most important thing they can do is to turn their grief into purpose. @fred_guttenberg found his purpose — and his courage and determination have helped fuel the fight for gun safety reform. 
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where we can look our kids in the eye and tell them: “You will be safe at school.”  I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has taken on the @NRA and won twice—and I can’t wait to do it again.
Today, the Trump Administration is in court, attempting to eliminate the Affordable Care Act. Tune in as I discuss how my administration will expand access to quality, affordable health care. 
Don't wonder "what if"—give Dinner with Barack a shot before this great campaign tradition comes to an end. 
As President, I will provide states with funds to shift from incarceration to prevention, including addressing factors correlated with incarceration like illiteracy and child abuse.   Read our plan:  
Character belongs in the White House. 
Praying tonight for the victims of #Barcelona attack &amp; their families. Heinous acts of terror cannot break the spirit of our Spanish friends
Today we honor the memory of Heather Heyer, whose spirit we see in every person who stands up to reject hatred and bigotry. Make no mistake: this fight goes on. The battle for the soul of this nation rests with each of us, everyday.
Tomorrow, I’ll be in Birmingham, Alabama, to remember the lives we lost 56 years ago in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise at 11:00 AM ET. 
Today, I’m releasing my plan to mobilize a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce.  It will ease the financial burden of care for families, create good-paying jobs with good benefits, and treat workers with the dignity they deserve.   
Every American deserves access to safe, clean drinking water. We have to hold polluters accountable and rid our water of unsafe levels of these chemicals for good. 
We can overcome these crises.  We can take our country back.  We can win the battle for the soul of the nation.  It all begins today. Confirm your polling place at  and go vote. Let’s do this — together.
Our hearts go out to the families of Iranian protesters who were killed this past week. Iranians, like people everywhere, have a right to protest peacefully without being brutally attacked by their own government and having the internet shut down for days. The world is watching.
Donald Trump seems to think he can direct funding based on which politicians are nice to him, which states he’s trying to win in November, and which businesses he wants to enrich — all without any accountability. @EWarren and I think that’s unacceptable. 
"The middle class was buried by the policies that Romney and Ryan have supported."—VP Biden in Asheville, NC
In America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. In a Biden Administration, we’ll invest in our students, schools, and educators to ensure every kid gets a fair shot.  Read the plan here: 
This fall, Donald Trump will be trying to get the Supreme Court to strike down Obamacare — ripping insurance away from 30 million people.  I’ll be fighting to end his administration, and to secure for every American the peace of mind that comes from having affordable health care. 
On this Feast Day of Our Lady of Mercy, I stand in solidarity with all defenders of human rights from Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela — and pray for the freedom of all political prisoners.
The choice on women’s health couldn’t be clearer: 
Mr. President — stop lying and start acting. Use the full extent of your authorities, now, to ensure that we are producing all essential goods and delivering them where they need to go. 
He does not understand the immense responsibility demanded of all those who hold the office of the president of the United States. He sees only the power – and how it can benefit just one person: Donald Trump.
With just one week until Election Day, @BarackObama is in Orlando, Florida, encouraging folks to vote early. Tune in. 
Donald Trump has shown that he can’t beat the pandemic or turn the economy around. And he is unsurprisingly stoking the flames of division for political gain.  He is the worst possible person to lead our nation through this moment. 
Under Medicare for All, Americans will see a new type of deductible in their paycheck. Medicare for All costs $30 trillion. Not sure what math they do in New York or California but that would be a lot of money. 
With less than 150 days until Election Day, the stakes couldn't be higher. We've got to fix Facebook to protect our democracy and ensure fair elections.   If you agree, sign the open letter today to demand Facebook take action. #MoveFastFixIt 
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t President Trump?  He should release his taxes or shut up about corruption. 
The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. It’s not lewd. It’s sexual assault. –Joe
150 days.
Let’s be clear, this attack is designed to weaken our unions and take away workers’ voices on the job. It’s wrong. I stand with Alaska’s public employees. 
When Ebola hit, President Obama and I took swift action and successfully contained the virus.  After COVID-19 hit, President Trump lied to the American people and said it would miraculously "disappear."  Now, over 200,000 lives have been cut short.  It's a national tragedy.
You placed your faith in our campaign and I can’t thank you enough. I’m grateful for your support and honored to be the Democratic nominee.  With 75 days left, we’ve got to get to work. Chip in to help us win: 
President Trump ignored the pandemic playbook that President Obama and I left him, so we decided to bring it back out and go over what he missed. 
The Romney campaign doubled down on its pledge to cut jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers yesterday: 
When I say Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history, this is what I'm talking about.  Monty Bennett should return the tens of millions of dollars he received, and we should give it to the small businesses that need it. 
Teachers like Ronniece are not only educating our children — they’re building the future of our country. 
.@JohnKerry is a patriot who has dedicated his life to serving our country. I'm lucky to call him a friend and honored to have his endorsement. 
My values are rooted in the American character: tough, resilient, but always full of hope. We need a president who appeals to the best in us and unites this nation — because if we come together, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
We all want our schools to reopen — but we need to do it in a way that puts the health and safety of our students and educators first.  Here's how @KamalaHarris and I will reopen our schools safely and effectively: 
Share why it matters to you that Congress keep taxes low for American families and small businesses.  #My2K
Jill and I are praying for all those impacted by Hurricane Zeta. The entire nation stands with you as you rebuild and recover.
The President has a duty to care for us all. To see people where they are and to understand what they’re going through.  I’ve been a single parent. Even though I had a lot more support than a lot of folks going through tough times, I know how hard it is. 
Who let all these people into my basement? 
Like many other Irish Americans, I’m proud of my Irish heritage and of my family’s contributions to our nation.
“Best contest ever”: 
Romney and Ryan have been spreading misinformation about Medicare. Get the facts from VP Biden: 
To all those families who are scared, and hurting, and wondering what’s going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I won’t ever forget you. And I won’t be satisfied until this economy starts working for all of you. 
There are only 78 days until Election Day — and @KamalaHarris and I need your help to make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Sign up today and let’s get to work: 
I know this is a dark time for so many people, just know that we will get through this. We will emerge from this crisis stronger than ever before. 
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. We need a president who is ready on day one to rally the world to meet the urgency of this crisis. 
Read Vice President Biden’s op-ed on the benefits of a strong U.S.-China relationship: 
We owe so much to every single worker on the front lines of this crisis. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. Here's what I would do if I were president: 
I believe these impeachment hearings will conclude that Donald Trump is a threat to our national security. Every day he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the U.S.   If you agree, chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
President Trump thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Just like he thinks Mexico is building the wall.
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: “Their plan would immediately cut benefits for 48 million seniors already on Medicare.”
This is who Donald Trump is: a president determined to terrorize immigrant communities and rip apart families — at the border and across our country.  The question is, who are we? I believe we are a nation that will end these cruel policies and make Trump a one-term president. 
Tune in as I address the nation on the current state of the race. 
There is enormous opportunity once we get Donald Trump out of the White House. My administration will tackle the climate emergency head-on and create 10 million jobs to power the clean energy economy of the future.   
At this moment, we’re facing unprecedented crises. But I know the American people have what it takes to overcome them.  There’s not a single thing beyond our capacity.
Dr. B: “The President has appointed more women to cabinet-level positions &amp; more women to the federal bench in his 1st term than anyone.”
Tune in as @BarackObama sits down with community leaders in Philadelphia to talk about what’s at stake in this election. 
Stopped for some Dairy Queen Blizzards with the team between events in Iowa. 
RT @DemConvention: VPOTUS @JoeBiden: “Let me know you’ll be a part of our convention.” #DNC2012 
Testing rape kits should &amp; must be a national priority. I’m proud to have been interviewed for @Mariska’s @IAMEVIDENCEmov. We should all be committed to #EndTheBacklog. Let’s keep the pressure on: 
It's time for us, for We the People, to come together.  Because united, we can — and will — overcome this season of darkness in America. 
Listen to the scientists: Wear a mask. 
VP Biden swung through Ohio this weekend—and supporters greeted him warmly at every stop: 
You deserve a president who will get up every single day and work to make your life better.  If you elect me, that’s exactly what I’ll do. 
The 16th Street Baptist Church bombing is a powerful reminder of our past and what remains at stake in this election. As we honor the memory of those four little girls, we must commit to defeating the poisonous ideology of white supremacy that lit the fuse 57 years ago.
These stories are heartbreaking and remind us that the numbers we see in the news are more than just statistics. Every death is a tragedy and marks a family and community that will never be the same. @DrBiden and I are keeping them all in our prayers.  
If we want to talk about the Crime Bill, let's hear from the President who chose @JoeBiden as his running mate—twice. 
Tune in as @KamalaHarris and I kick off our Soul of the Nation bus tour from Phoenix, Arizona. 
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, he thinks “hoax.”   I think “jobs.”  We can solve our climate crisis and our economic crisis at the same time. Here’s how: 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history — and his recovery efforts are making that clearer than ever.
America was built on a simple proposition: all men — and women — are created equal. We haven't lived up to that promise for most, but haven't stopped trying. As we celebrate the 19th Amendment and #WomensEqualityDay, we must continue our fight to truly achieve equality for all.
Vice President Biden: “We are our brother’s keeper. We are our sister’s keeper. We have an obligation.”
Lastly, I discussed how my health care plan will include access to a Medicare-like public option for anyone who wants it.
Team Obama-Biden is strengthening Medicare. Romney and Ryan would turn it into vouchercare: 
Today, we're launching #StudentsForBiden, a nationwide program for change-makers committed to organizing their campuses and making Donald Trump a one-term president.  If that sounds like you, join today and let's get to work:  
Together, we will beat the @NRA. We will end this gun violence epidemic.
The American people are stepping up and rising to meet this moment. It's time for our president to do the same.
I'm giving everything I've got in these final 34 days to make sure we beat Donald Trump, but I can't do it without your help.  Join our grassroots fundraising team to help us win this November. 
There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. We can:  - Address the climate emergency - Build a more inclusive middle class - Build on Obamacare - Ensure our government works for everyone — not just the powerful
When Trump discarded the Iran nuclear deal he promised it would produce a “better” one and curb Iranian aggression—the reverse happened. Iran has restarted its nuclear program and become more provocative. I’ll return to smart, disciplined diplomacy to address the threats we face.
This anniversary is not only a reminder of the cruelty these communities, especially Latinos, have tirelessly faced, but it is also a testament to their steadfast resilience in the face of prejudice to spark change, in California and across our country.
The words of a president matter. And from the moment President Trump came down that escalator, he has used his to degrade people and sow division. It's not who we are.  Watch my full conversation with President @BarackObama tomorrow at 10 AM ET. 
Here's the deal, my plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs — without raising taxes on the middle class.  Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same. 
America’s story is one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things given half a chance. This virus is tough. But together and as a nation — we're tougher.  I know we’ll get through this and we’ll be stronger for it, I promise you. Keep the faith. 
Donald Trump continues to do the exact thing we teach our kids not to do: blame others. It’s always somebody else's fault — never his. It’s unbelievable.  We deserve better from our commander in chief. 
We must secure our borders, but “build the wall” is a slogan divorced from reality. We need to focus on improving screening procedures at our legal ports of entry &amp; making smart investments in border technology. These policies will do more for our security than a wall ever could.
President George H.W. Bush was a decent, kind, and gracious statesman. This nation will miss him. Our condolences go out to the entire Bush family for their loss. 
...yes 
In moments of crisis, presidential leadership is even more important. But time and time again, Donald Trump has proven just how incapable he is of rising to the occasion. He is dangerously unfit to lead our country through a global health challenge. 
Our children should not have to worry about their safety at school. Enough is enough. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.   
Honored to join @DrBiden and the remarkable men and women from @supportthewalk #WalkOfAmerica who remind us all of the debt of gratitude we owe those who have sacrificed so much to protect our freedom. 
All smiles in Manchester, Iowa: 
It’s caucus day in Iowa, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to  to make calls into Iowa. I’d greatly appreciate it. Let’s finish strong. 
Over 215,000 Americans have died from COVID-19, and what is President Trump doing?  Nothing.
It’s go-time, folks. We’re just one week away from the most important election of our lifetimes. Tune in as we get out the vote in Atlanta, Georgia. 
On the anniversary of the passage of #HR1, we must recommit ourselves to eliminating all private dollars from our federal elections and restoring the Voting Rights Act.  Our government should work #ForThePeople — not just the powerful. 
Jill and I send our thoughts to President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump for a swift recovery. We will continue to pray for the health and safety of the president and his family.
In the face of unspeakable tragedy, the students and parents of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have turned grief into purpose. Their courage and resolve inspires me every day — and I know that with their leadership, we will end our gun violence epidemic. 
VP on the auto rescue that Romney opposed: “200,000 auto workers who’ve been added to the rolls since reorganization would not be working.”
Puerto Rico is still rebuilding from the devastation of Hurricane Maria. Now, instead of supporting the recovery, President Trump is defunding $400 million in planned military projects in Puerto Rico to build his wall. It's unacceptable.
As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare by:   - Giving Americans the choice of a new public option - Lowering premiums, deductibles, and co-pays - Lowering the cost of prescription drugs  Learn more: 
Back in 2007, I had the opportunity to meet with Katie and talk with her about how to overcome a learning disability. Her story has stuck with me ever since. I'm glad we were able to catch up in Iowa, and I'm so proud to hear she has graduated from school. 
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period.  As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. #DemDebate
Today, and every day, I encourage you to shop locally and support the folks in your community working hard every day. #SmallBusinessSaturday 
.@GovernorBullock and I have always agreed on a central tenet of his campaign: every American deserves a fair shot. He has served Montana well and will continue to do so with fairness and strength. Thank you, Governor.
I would hope that the President having gone through what he went through will communicate the right lesson to the American people: Masks matter. They save lives. 
On day one, I will send a bill to Congress providing a roadmap to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants and take action to protect Dreamers. 
Once again, I congratulate the brilliant women and men who produced this breakthrough and have brought us one step closer to beating this virus. I am also thankful for the frontline workers who are still confronting the virus around the clock.
Thank you for the warm welcome, Columbia! It’s always great to be back in South Carolina. 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was proof that courage, conviction, and moral clarity can change not just the law — but also the world. 
Thumbs up for VP Biden’s final campaign stop in Ohio today: 
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up. They led, opposed hate, and chose to fight for the best of the American character.  We don’t have that today. Our president has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation.
15 days. Let’s finish strong.
The Vice President's speech will be live-tweeted on @Obama2012.
Votar es tu derecho. Si tienes alguna pregunta, llama a la línea directa de asistencia al votante al 1-866-296-8686. 
“We see a future where America leads not only by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.”—VP Biden
Today’s the day, South Carolina! Confirm your polling location at  grab your photo ID, and make sure to get out and vote before 7 PM ET. 
Tomorrow is Caucus Day in Nevada, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. I know we’ve asked a lot lately, but if you have a few extra minutes, please head to  to talk with caucusgoers about what’s at stake. I'd greatly appreciate it. 
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.  I see it from where I came from: Scranton, Pennsylvania.   It's why I'll fight every day as president to make this country work for the middle class — not the wealthy and well-connected.
Donald Trump and his administration have no idea what hard-working, decent, ordinary Americans are going through. They don’t understand the middle class. I do. 
That’s all we have! Thanks for tagging along for tonight’s #DemDebate. Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
Today would have been George Floyd’s 47th birthday, and he should be alive to celebrate it.  I made a promise to his family that I won’t let him become just another hashtag — and I’ll work every day as president to keep that promise.
I have released all of my tax returns. 22 years. Go look at them.  What is Donald Trump hiding? 
Hosting a major foreign leader summit at a Trump hotel? Donald Trump continues to abuse his power to line his own pockets. Time to put up (your tax returns) or shut up Mr. President. 
This is not who we are. And as a nation, we will prove that next November. Families belong together. 
4 days to prevent another 4 years.  Vote: 
Tomorrow is the South Carolina primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to  to talk with folks before they head to the polls.
The Sandy Hook families who paid such a bitter price deserve their day in court – and all American families deserve laws that protect them, and that put their children, not big gun corporations, first. 
It’s not about his family or my family. It’s about your family.  If you’re a middle-class family right now, you’re hurting badly.
Advice and consent. Absent that—which we’ve always had for nominees in election years in the past—we shouldn’t move forward with hearings or a vote before the mid-term elections.
Our frontline workers have sacrificed so much during this pandemic — the least President Trump could do is tell them the truth. 
I'm excited to share that we raised $22.7 million this last quarter — our biggest quarter so far this campaign! Thank you to everyone who chipped in what you could — your support means the world to me. You truly are the heart of our campaign. 
The devastating effects of gun violence don’t end when the shooting is over—survivors may face mental health and substance use disorders in the months and years that follow.  Enough is enough. We must end this epidemic. 
President Trump has repeatedly failed our veterans, and our sacred obligation as a nation: to properly prepare and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way, and care for them and their families.   As president, I will meet our sacred obligation. 
Couldn’t make it to Charlotte? Catch VP Biden and President Obama’s speeches at a neighborhood watch party tomorrow: 
If Donald Trump had acted just two weeks earlier, 54,000 lives could have been spared in March and April alone.   Instead, he downplayed the threat and refused to take action — costing lives and sending our economy into a tailspin.  It’s an unjustifiable dereliction of duty.
Jacquelyn — I was honored to meet you in December, and I’m honored to have you on my team now. With the help of folks like you, we’re going to overcome the obstacles we face and restore decency in this country. 
Home care workers and child care workers — who are more often women, women of color, and immigrants — have been underpaid, unseen, and undervalued for far too long.  That will change with my administration: 
In the Biden family, we have a code: My mom used to always tell me, “Joey, no one is better than you. Everyone is your equal, and everyone is equal to you.” I’m working on building one for our campaign, too.
The Romney-Ryan strategy? Hiding the truth on plans that hurt the middle class. 
“It’s no surprise that the very first bill the President signed helped make it easier for women to earn the same pay as men.”—Dr. Biden
Can you step up to knock on doors or make calls? We need your help electing Democrats at all levels:  
Supporters were fired up for Joe in Durham, NC today: 
Kendrick Castillo will not collect his high school diploma this week because he gave his life trying to protect his classmates from another senseless act of violence in an American school yesterday. My heart goes out to his family and all those affected by yesterday's shooting.
“Barack and Joe are working hard to invest in education and make it easier for young people to afford college.”—Dr. Jill Biden in MN
There’s plenty of time left to vote! Find out where to go: 
The fate of Social Security is on the ballot in November. As President, I will never, ever defund Social Security. I’ll strengthen it.  Anything less is a failure of a president’s most important duty: to care for the American people. 
“You live in the neighborhoods you protect. You are the community.”—VP Biden speaking to firefighters at the IAFF convention yesterday
.@PennBiden will work to defend &amp; amend the liberal international order so that it sustains American prosperity and works for everyone.
Hunger today isn’t about scarcity — it’s about a massive failure in leadership.   If I were President, I’d immediately work with @chefjoseandres to empower our restaurants to be part of the solution as families go hungry during the COVID-19 crisis. 
The @NRA doesn’t own this country. We the people own this country.
At least 29 lives stolen, families broken, communities shattered in El Paso and Dayton within 13 hours. Dozens more wounded. Between those two mass shootings, dozens more were killed and injured by gun violence that didn't make national headlines.
Home is where your values are set — where your view of the world begins to form, along with your place in it.  For me, that's Scranton, PA.  Pennsylvania: today is your last day to vote early in person. We've got to win this — let's bring it home.  Vote:  
We don't have a food shortage problem — we have a leadership problem. 
I know how to lead this nation through a crisis because I've done it before. I won't waste any time getting this virus under control and building our country back better. 
I just stepped off the #DemDebate stage, where I laid out why I’m the only candidate who can take big progressive policies and create tangible results for working families.  If you liked what you heard, help us keep this momentum going by pitching in: 
"My biggest problem with Donald Trump... is the way he treats people." -VP Biden
A powerful video everyone should see: 
We only get one opportunity to vote out Donald Trump — and we can’t leave anything to chance.  Vote:  Volunteer:  Donate:   Let’s get the job done.
The VP’s headed to the Buckeye State today for a two-day visit—stay tuned for updates from the road. #MadeInOhio
As President, I will use military power responsibly and as a last resort. We will not go back to forever wars in the Middle East. #DemDebate
After tonight's horrific terrorist attack in Vienna, Austria, Jill and I are keeping the victims and their families in our prayers. We must all stand united against hate and violence.
We have to lead the world by our example and make clear that human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties matter to us. 
Las armas de asalto y los cartuchos de alta capacidad no tienen lugar en nuestras comunidades. Yo me enfrente al @NRA una vez antes para prohibirlos, y lo volveré a hacer en la Casa Blanca. 
I’m heartbroken, sickened, &amp; angry. Weeks after the horror in El Paso, another community in Texas has been terrorized by gun violence. Enough. We must end this epidemic.  @DrBiden &amp; I send our thoughts to those affected &amp; thank our law enforcement who responded at great risk.
Throughout the campaign, I’ve talked a lot about the soul of our nation — we’re seeing that soul on full display. There’s so much good happening — people reaching out to one another, neighbors helping neighbors, caring for those in need. It makes me so proud to be an American. 
"It's time to stand up and to fight back" - VP Biden on @TheDemocrats' #VoterExpansion Project. Watch and join today: 
VP: “For so many Americans, including myself, the debt we all owe to our firefighters and police officers is personal.” 
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. We don’t have to give in to his dark, petty, angry vision of America. We can choose to be the more perfect union we have always aspired to be — and restore the soul of this nation. 
"Every time there's a problem in Congress, I get sent to the Hill. Tim, get ready!" -VP Biden with @timkaine
Together, united in our love for America and each other, we’ll overcome this season of darkness and restore the soul of our nation. 
Equal pay for equal work is common sense — and long overdue. That's why the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that the Obama-Biden Administration signed 11 years ago today. We have to continue the fight until we close the gender pay gap once and for all.
This is another clear warning sign that more needs to be done to keep as many people on payroll as possible. Fast, bold action to bolster American workers now will save more pain later. Congress must get to work immediately on the next package. We can't afford to waste time. 
It’s time to reward work, not just wealth. On day one, I’ll move to: eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy, cut the unjustified loopholes in our tax code, and use that money to invest in America’s future.
Now, let's push our progress further.   
.@realDonaldTrump — if you had listened to the scientists, it wouldn't be this bad. 
I believe LGBTQ+ rights are human rights — and they are on the ballot tomorrow.  Vote:  
This summer, the @bidenfoundation asked you to share stories about the importance of family and community acceptance for #LGBTQ young people. Here’s what you’ve said so far: 
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines don’t belong on our streets.
Xenophobia is a disease. #DemDebate
Instead of saying every legal vote should be counted in Florida, Republicans have adopted a strategy to discredit the process.   It’s wrong – and it’s dangerous.   Count every single lawful vote. Count them fairly. Count them transparently. 
The people will not be silenced, be bullied, or surrender.  Every vote must be counted.
Honored to have won Jacquelyn's endorsement. 
A fresh Fall day in New Hampshire spent serving chili to our nation’s finest — firefighters. 
Firefighters represent the best of America — they put their lives on the line every single day and selflessly rush toward danger to save others.  I'm grateful for the endorsement of @IAFFNewsDesk. There's no group of people I'd rather stand with. 
Today's decision is another step in our march toward equality for all. The Supreme Court has confirmed the simple but profoundly American idea that every human being should be treated with respect. But we're not done. 
POTUS: “If you’ve come down with #Romnesia &amp; can’t remember the promises you’ve made, don’t worry—Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions.”
Congrats @MichelleObama on winning a Grammy for telling your story with strength — and with grace. Jill and I are so thrilled for you. Just beat Barack to an EGOT, will ya? 
Donald Trump's entire presidency has been a gift to Putin, but this is beyond the pale. It’s a betrayal of the most sacred duty we bear as a nation, to protect and equip our troops when we send them into harm’s way. 
In 2008 and 2012, you placed your trust in me to help lead this country alongside Barack Obama.  Today, I’m asking for your trust once again — this time, in Kamala and me.  We can heal the soul of this nation — I promise we won’t let you down.   
There has been a lot of veiled criticism of the Obama-Biden record lately, so let me be clear about something: Barack Obama was a great president. We don’t say that enough. 
The future must be made in America — by all of America. Here's how we'll do it:  
But as we mark the 55th anniversary, we must recognize that the work is not done. Too many Americans still face the sting of systemic racism and discrimination. We must double down on our efforts to root out these evils and ensure America lives up to its promise for all.
No one needs an AR-15. Period. We have to get these weapons of war out of our communities.
243 years ago, a group of rebels in Philadelphia pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to a revolutionary idea, to the self-evident truth that all men — and women — are created equal.
It's time to hold gun manufacturers accountable. 
Tune in to watch @SymoneDSanders and actor @TonyGoldwyn host a town hall on how COVID-19 has impacted workers in the entertainment industry: 
.@DrBiden and I are sending our best wishes to @BernieSanders, Jane, and the whole Sanders family. Anyone who knows Bernie understands what a force he is. We are confident that he will have a full and speedy recovery and look forward to seeing him on the trail soon.
As a military mom, Dr. Jill Biden knows how important it is that we provide long-term support to our veterans: 
This #GunViolenceAwarenessDay, I am reflecting on the life of Hadiya Pendleton, whose murder inspired the #WearOrange movement.  The hard truth is that Black Americans are ten times more likely to die by gun homicide. It has to stop.
I know how to make government work — not because I’ve talked or tweeted about it. But because I’ve done it. 
“You chose to be teachers because you know every child is entitled to do as well as they can.”—VP Biden to educators at the NEA convention
After campaigning in 2016 to lift up the ‘forgotten man,’ President Trump has completely lost sight of working people.   I promise you this: I never will. 
In public and in private, President Trump has asked foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. It is an abuse of power. We cannot let him get away with it.  Chip in to our Trump Rapid Response Fund to help us respond:  
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. We’ve never fully lived up to that promise — but we’ve never stopped trying. We can’t rest until we reach our highest ideals and justice truly rings out for all.
I have said from the day I announced that we’re in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is even more true today. We have a president who has been sending dog whistles of encouragement and support to white supremacists and hate groups.  We have to beat Donald Trump.
A few weeks ago, I spoke to Mr. Rogers’ wife Joanne when I was in her neighborhood in Pittsburgh. It was a great conversation.  Friendship, empathy, kindness, and compassion — I think we could all learn a thing or two from her and her husband’s example. 
We need a president who actually listens to experts like Dr. Fauci.
Congratulations to California Child Care Providers United on a successful election. As president, I'll make it easier for child care workers to unionize — and I’ll provide resources so they earn higher wages while also making care more affordable. #ChildCareIsEssential 
I couldn't be more ready for @KamalaHarris to be the next Vice President.  Chip in to help us make history: 
This is our moment to tackle systemic racism head-on and build a nation true to our founding ideals. A nation where all men and women are not only created equal — but treated equally.   Here's how we'll advance racial economic equity: 
I'm not going to shut down the country.  I'm not going to shut down the economy.  I'm going to shut down the virus.
“I can’t breathe.”   George Floyd’s last words. But they didn’t die with him. They’re still being heard. They’re echoing across this nation.   It’s a wake-up call for all of us. 
Un verano. 26 tiroteos masivos. Incontables vidas truncadas.  No podemos seguir así. Ya es hora de que nos enfrentemos al @NRA, aprobemos la legislación sobre seguridad de armas y terminemos con nuestra epidemia de violencia. 
We have the power to create the future we want. A future where:  - We end our gun violence epidemic - We lead the world in combating climate change - Everyone has access to the health care they need - Our government works for all — not just the wealthy and well-connected
30 years ago, 2 million people joined hands to form the Baltic Way—a chain of human determination that reached across Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania in defiance of Soviet oppression. It was—and remains—a powerful demonstration of the irrepressible desire for freedom.
I don’t have Bitcoin, and I’ll never ask you to send me any.  But if you want to chip in to help make Donald Trump a one-term President, you can do that here: 
Today is Public Lands Day and National Hunting and Fishing Day — and what better way to celebrate than the long overdue removal of William Perry Pendley from @blmnational. It's a victory for everyone who values our public lands over those who want to exploit them for profit. 
If you’re looking for ways to show off your support for the campaign or to stay entertained while we’re social distancing, we’ve got you covered. Check out our new free store where you’ll find everything from phone backgrounds to crossword puzzles: 
Immigration has always made us stronger—it’s essential to who we are. But Donald Trump has waged an assault on our values as a nation of immigrants.  As president, I'll undo Trump’s damage and put our values back at the heart of our immigration system: 
John lived his life bound by a timeless code — decency, respect, and civility above all else. This week, as we remember his life and service, let's honor his legacy by living out that code. I hope you'll join me and engage in #ActsOfCivility. 
With just four days until the Nevada caucuses, there’s no time to waste. We need your help to make our final case to voters across the state. Every donation makes a big difference during this critical stretch.  Chip in to bring us across the finish line: 
It’s official — we’re on the ballot in New Hampshire.   Join us:  
Mr. President, “Open everything now,” isn’t a strategy for success. It’s barely a slogan.   It’s long past time for you to step up and do your job.
When you use your voice and vote, things can — and will — change for the better. 
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus. But he does bear full responsibility for failing to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime.
President Trump’s immigration policies are an assault on human dignity and everything we stand for as a nation. We must end them. 
If we are to realize the dream of gender equality, we can't be disheartened or disengaged. Instead we must recommit to fighting for progress, for our own sake and for the sake of all peoples. We can — and will — do this.  Join us:  
VP Biden is about to take the stage at the Women's Leadership Forum Conference. Follow @TheDemocrats for live updates. #DemWomen
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I'll promise you this: when I'm President we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better.
Our campaign is building the broad coalition we need to win in November. 
Just a few ways President Obama is moving this country forward: 
We’re eight months into this pandemic and Donald Trump and Mike Pence still have no plan to deal with COVID-19. He’s still hoping it will just “disappear.”  @KamalaHarris and I have a comprehensive, science-backed plan to defeat this virus.  Take a look: 
I’m speaking with members of the African American community in Pittsburgh about the power of the vote — and the future we can build together. Tune in. 
VIDEO: Deputy Campaign Manager @stefcutter explains Mitt Romney’s tax plan. 
.@TulsiGabbard has put her life on the line in service of this country and continues to serve with honor today. I’m grateful to have her support and look forward to working with her to restore honor and decency to the White House.
Paying off your kids' student loan debt can feel overwhelming. We need a president who understands that. 
.@BarackObama already voted, but he knows there's still more work to be done before Election Day.  Sign up to join him:  
The future of this country is in your hands.  Make a plan to vote now. 
Make no mistake: Iran continues to be a bad actor that abuses human rights and supports terrorist activities throughout the region.
The images coming out of California, Oregon, Washington, and other Western states are truly horrifying. If you’re in an impacted area, please heed the warnings from your local authorities and stay safe. Jill and I are keeping you all in our prayers. 
When somebody is President of the United States, the responsibility is total. 
It's primary day in New Hampshire — and we're counting on supporters across the Granite State to get out and vote. Head to  to confirm your polling location. Together, we can win this primary, beat Donald Trump, and restore the soul of this nation. 
We’re officially on the ballot in South Carolina! 
Instead of starting from scratch, we need to build on the Affordable Care Act. I'll expand on the progress we made—giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system less complex to navigate.  Read my full plan at 
VAWA is the single most significant legislation I’ve ever been part of. Couldn't be prouder of everyone who made it happen. -Joe
You’re absolutely right, Brayden — no one should ever underestimate the American people. 
.@TheDemocrats nominated President Obama and Vice President Biden on this day in 2008. 
This country has made great progress in changing the culture around advancing LGBTQ equality and ending violence against women. But there's plenty of work left to do. I'm pleased to have some of the best and brightest minds on these issues working with us. 
This isn't just about who I am, this is about who we are as a country. We're tough, resilient, but always full of hope. With every fiber in my being, I believe there’s not a single thing we can't do—if we do it together. 
Thanks to my friend, Mayor @EricGarcetti for the tacos yesterday in Los Angeles. I’ll be back soon and the ice cream is on me. 
Every vote must be counted. 
On July 1st, Donald Trump predicted the coronavirus was going to "just disappear."  He was wrong — and more than 25,000 Americans died due to the virus last month.  Mr. President, step up and do your job before even more American families feel the pain of losing a loved one.
A more hopeful, united, and loving America is within our grasp –– but we have to vote for it.   
.@DrBiden and I had a great time celebrating the #FourthOfJuly at last night's @IowaCubs game! 
Now that the campaign is over—what is the people’s will? What is our mandate?  I believe it is this: Americans have called on us to marshal the forces of decency and the forces of fairness. To marshal the forces of science and the forces of hope in the great battles of our time.
The Affordable Care Act has been under relentless attack for the past nine years — I will not stand for it. As president, I will protect and build on the ACA to ensure every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care. 
Joe Biden is the only candidate on the #DemDebate stage who has actually beaten the @NRA — and he did it twice.  As president, he will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again. #DemDebate 
I need you in my corner tonight. Can you chip in before I take the debate stage and help power this campaign through the final 12 days? 
VP: “We’ve created 5.4 million new private sector jobs. Companies in America hired more workers in Oct. than any time in the last 8 months.”
We can’t let President Trump tear down Obamacare — we have to protect and build on it. Tune in as I speak live from Michigan about my plans to give more Americans access to affordable health care. 
John McCain was many things – a proud graduate of the Naval Academy, a Senate colleague, a political opponent.   But, to me, more than anything, John was a friend. He will be missed dearly. 
Proud to be at @RutgersU today with survivors &amp; activists working to change the campus culture on sexual assault. #ItsOnUs
"We're America! We don't scare easily... We never bow. We never bend. We never break." -VP Biden with @timkaine 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
The growing mountain of evidence makes one thing clear: We must impeach Donald Trump. 
The American people know Joe Biden. #DemDebate 
Hate never goes away; it just hides. And when leaders give it oxygen — as Donald Trump has done — it comes roaring back. 
We all want to protect our families — the first step is arming ourselves with the facts.   @DrBiden and I hosted a town hall on COVID-19 with three family YouTubers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in tonight at 7PM EDT:  
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction. 
I want to clarify something I said yesterday. In my 40 years in public life, I have always complied with a lawful order and in my eight years as VP, my office — unlike Donald Trump and Mike Pence — cooperated with legitimate congressional oversight requests.
#TeamJoe has been hard at work talking with folks in every corner of New Hampshire — but it all comes down to this final push. Every conversation will make a big difference on Tuesday. Sign up to volunteer today: 
Over 213,000 Americans have died from this virus — and the hard truth is it didn’t have to happen this way. 
Unity over division.
"Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and America can be defined in one single word — 'possibilities.'” -VP Biden
Only Donald Trump could make the coronavirus about him. This president is dangerous. 
Since we launched our campaign last week, we’ve seen Americans in every corner of the country step up and say they’re in. Will you join us? Head to  and be part of our team.
Throughout his life, John Lewis taught us that while the journey toward equality is not easy, we must be unafraid and never cower and never, ever give up.  It's up to all of us to carry on his mission. 
Hillary: tonight, I’m reminded of one of your favorite sayings — rooted in the faith we both share: “Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, for as long as you can.”  Thanks for always living by that, and reminding us to do the same.
I see that you are on the job and presidential, as always. 
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: No company pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers.  It's time for Amazon to pay its fair share. 
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos. 
For days, pundits have let Donald Trump define the conversation around tonight's #DemDebate.  Well, Trump doesn't get to pick the Democratic nominee. And I’m not going to be distracted by all his lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. He’s picked a fight with the wrong guy.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose compassion over cruelty.
It’s going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part to beat Donald Trump and take back this country. And with just 11 days until Iowa, your help has never been more important. Head to  to take action from anywhere in the country.
The last three months were the worst period for economic growth our nation has experienced in the 70 years since we started measuring it — a drop of nearly 33 percent.  Let's be clear: This is no act of God, it's a failure of presidential leadership. 
America's character is on the ballot. I don't believe we're the dark, angry nation we see in Donald Trump's tweets — we are so much better than who he thinks we are.
Don’t miss this great highlight reel from the Vice President’s trip to Iowa last month: 
We have to rebuild the middle class. But this time, we have to make sure that people historically left out of the middle class — whether due to race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, or religion — have the chance to be included in our success. 
Jamie Dimon &amp; Warren Buffett's call to end quarterly guidance is an important step toward ending our nation's culture of short-termism. America's workers &amp; investors will all be better off with a system that rewards those who build for the long-term. 
No. Not in America. We must be stronger, more determined and more united than ever. Racism and hate have no place here. #charlottesville
Proud to stand with the @GeneralMills @RWDSU members in their fight for a fair contract. Every worker deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security.
Tune in here: 
Thank you, South Carolina, for a great evening at the Galivants Ferry Stump. As I discussed last night, we’ve got to rebuild America’s middle class. That starts with repealing President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and rewarding work — not just wealth. 
Tune in 11:30 ET tomorrow for a live webcast of Families USA Presidential Forum on health care: 
Help win this election—donate $5 today: 
We can end this era of division.  We can end the hate and the fear.  We can be what we are at our best: one America. 
Will he offer a robust defense of the democratic values that have always been our strength in times of crisis? We all know the answer to that.  Donald Trump is incapable of celebrating what makes America great because he doesn’t get it.
I'm about to deliver remarks on the Coronavirus pandemic. Tune in to watch live: 
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher. Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he poses a threat to America and the world. We have to beat him. 
The campaign trail is ruff without these two by my side. #LoveYourPetDay 
We’re just five days from Election Day –– and everything is on the line. Tune in as we get out the vote in Broward County, Florida. 
Today, I called on students across the country to speak out and step in to stop sexual assault. #ItsOnUs
We believe Americans should decide American elections. But Trump will do anything to get re-elected, including violating the most basic norms of our democracy. It's dangerous.  We cannot give him four more years in the White House.
Donald Trump is proposing cuts to Medicaid, Obamacare, and food assistance — while protecting giant tax giveaways to corporations and the super-wealthy. He has once again proved how morally unfit he is to lead our country. 
The VP reflects on the courage of civil rights leaders like @repjohnlewis for #CivilRights50  
I support #AB5 in California, which will give workers the dignity they deserve in the workplace. I agree with @transportworker that we can't let corporations undermine basic rights by adding these exemptions to ground-breaking legislation. 
I look forward to joining @GiffordsCourage and @AMarch4OurLives at their forum to discuss how we can take on the @NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. Together, we will get it done.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history — and the American people deserve to know what he is hiding in his tax returns. 
While President Trump continues his victory lap, over 20 million Americans remain out of work. He may have forgotten about you, but I never will — and I'll fight for you every single day in the White House. 
It’s simple: Donald Trump thinks health care is a privilege. I think it is your right.
Let me be clear: There’s no victory to be celebrated when we’re still down nearly 15 million jobs and the pandemic is getting worse, not better. 
I have fought for the Democratic Party my whole career. That’s not something everyone in this primary can say. 
My first effort as a county council member was doing away with redlining — and I didn’t stop there. I've fought against housing discrimination my entire career. #DemDebate
Cindy — I'm deeply honored to have your support and your friendship. This election is bigger than any one political party. It requires all of us to come together as one America to restore the soul of the nation. Together, we'll get it done. 
VP Biden is about to go live on  Tune in for a live behind-the-scenes preview from Scranton.
We will provide rural hospitals with the adequate funding and flexibility they need to keep their doors open, double funding for community health centers, and expand the pipeline of rural health care providers.
We will beat the @NRA.  We will pass common-sense reforms.   We must end our gun violence epidemic.
On Sunday night, @SymoneDSanders and actor @TonyGoldwyn will be hosting an unemployment town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting entertainment workers.   Tune in tomorrow at 7 PM ET to watch live:  
Happy 48th Birthday to @Amtrak and the incredible men and women whose tireless work every day keeps the trains running and our country moving. 
"I wish he were president right now, but I can't wait until he is if all of us do our part to support the kind of person that we want back in the White House." — @HillaryClinton  Join us:  
Americans can't wait for the false promise of a revolution. We need real change right now. 
The Bible tells us that to everything there is a season — a time to build, a time to reap, a time to sow. And a time to heal.  This is the time to heal in America.
Make no mistake: the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump's own making. He brought us to the brink of war with no plan and no strategy.  He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. 
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America — and we’re seeing it written every single day. It gives me hope. 
Hoy estoy anunciando mi candidatura para presidente de los Estados Unidos. Somos los Estados Unidos de America - y juntos no hay nada que no podamos hacer. Únete a nuestra campaña:  #Joe2020 
"I am more optimistic about our chances today than when I was elected as a 29-year-old kid to the Senate." -VP Biden #DemsInPhilly
This election is about you. Your children. Your family. And you can’t wait for a president fighting for you when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate. The world can’t wait for America to once again lead a stable, peaceful international order.
America is a nation that values immigrants. It is and has always been one of our greatest strengths.  We need a president who understands that. 
We cannot afford four more years of a president who ignores the disastrous effects of climate change. My plan for a Clean Energy Revolution &amp; Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency &amp; protect our communities for generations to come.
The next president will face a monumental task cleaning up Trump's mess. Joe Biden is the best candidate on the debate stage to immediately get to work restoring America’s place in the world. Because he’s done it before. #DemDebate
Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy. He must be impeached.
Donald Trump will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we've made. We have to protect the ACA and build on it to ensure every American has access to quality, affordable care. 
Secretary Esper and President Trump, it's a president's job to protect the health and safety of our troops and their families. Gutting the military health care system — no less during a global pandemic — is unacceptable. 
Caucus Day is here, Iowa! Head to  to confirm your caucus location and plan to show up by 6:30 PM CT. I hope I can count on your support — because together we can beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
Looking forward to discussing what’s at stake in this election and my bold vision for the future of our country at tonight’s town hall in New Hampshire. Tune in to @CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live.
16 years ago today, terror tried to break us. It did not, and will never, succeed. Our grit &amp; determination are the strongest force I know.
We need a president who will unite our country and bring out our best — not one who stokes division and brings out our worst.
.@SarahEMcBride - Beau loved you, I love you, and all the Bidens are proud of you. -Joe
Grace - I've said it before and I'll say it again: LGBTQ rights are civil rights. It's an honor to work for you and in service of justice for every American in this country. 
Donald Trump has once again sided with corporations over American workers by making it easier for them to get away with wage theft and overtime violations.  It's time we put workers' rights over corporate greed and ensure everyone has the workplace protections they deserve. 
Dr. Biden on POTUS &amp; VPOTUS: “They are giving students the right to repay their loans at a fixed percentage of their income.”
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and staff in New Hampshire! Your hard work and faith in our campaign mean the world to me. Now, we’re headed to Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond.
One in five students experience mental health problems, but too often they don’t get the care they need. In a Biden administration, we will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve. 
Folks, we’re just a few hours away from our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline. We need everyone to step up so we can hit our goal and make sure we can go toe-to-toe with President Trump.  If you're able, please chip in today: 
No kid should fear for their life at school &amp; no parent should worry whether their kid will come home safe. Today, 21 years after the Columbine shooting, @fred_guttenberg will host a town hall with students on how we can end this epidemic. Tune in at 7 PM:  
Pumpkin time means it’s voting season in the Hawkeye State: 
Trump sólo está interesado en políticas que atacan la dignidad de la comunidad Latina y asustan a los votantes para que se presenten en las urnas el día de las elecciones, sin interés por abordar los desafíos reales que enfrenta nuestro hemisferio. 
I’ve dealt with guys like Donald Trump my whole life.  Guys who look down on you because they’ve got a lot of money.  Guys who think they’re better than you.  Guys who inherited everything they ever got in life — and then squandered it. 
It's now April, and:  - States still don't have enough tests - Hospitals still don't have enough ventilators - Health care workers still don't have enough masks  Donald Trump needs to use all available authorities immediately to solve these shortages.
Enough with the anger and division and fear-mongering, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up, appeal to our better angels, and unite the country. We'll overcome this crisis by coming together — not by tearing each other apart. 
President Obama in Ohio: “When the auto industry was on the brink of collapse and Gov. Romney said, ‘Let Detroit go bankrupt,' I said no.”
Mr. President, immigration isn’t the problem. White nationalism is the problem. America’s inaction on gun safety legislation is the problem.  It’s time to put the politics aside and pass universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. Lives depend on it. 
From the moment I announced I was running for president, my goal has been to unite and heal this nation.  We must come together. 
.@realDonaldTrump it didn’t have to be this bad. 
Hey everyone, @TeamJoe here. We’re taking over to keep you in the loop on our event in Ottumwa, Iowa. Stay tuned! #TeamJoe
Every military family knows what it means to sacrifice. Every individual life and story matters. It is who we are as Americans.   On #VeteransDay and every day we must stand up for the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us.
In case you could use a cup of Joe in your day: 
Tune in now as @TomWolfPA joins me for a conversation on how COVID-19 is impacting states: 
Donald Trump can lie about the economy all he wants, but the truth is he’s the worst jobs president since 1929. 
I’m glad the Senate passed the #FUTUREAct to permanently fund historically black colleges and universities, and other minority-serving institutions. I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build new facilities, and support student success. 
The super-wealthy don’t need another tax cut. Period.  My administration will repeal the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and reward work, not just wealth. 
The American people are tough, resilient, and always full of hope. There’s not a single thing we can't do if we do it together.
Even amidst the profound grief &amp; anger today's decision generated, violence is never &amp; can never be the answer. Those who engage in it must be held accountable. Jill &amp; I are keeping the officers shot tonight in Louisville in our prayers. We wish them both a swift &amp; full recovery.
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration — just like he inherited everything in his life.  Now, he’s in the process of squandering it. 
To all those taking part in the Festival of Lights, Jill and I send warm wishes for a joyous celebration — Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak. 
The medical professionals on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes — risking their lives in order to save others. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. #NationalDoctorsDay
This is unconscionable. Americans are already afraid of the impact the deadly COVID-19 pandemic is having on their lives — they don't need the added stress of losing their health insurance. Drop the lawsuit. 
Iowa, I have some big news: @DrBiden is heading your way on August 1st to open two of our field offices. Join her in Sioux City:  or Council Bluffs:  
VP Biden and Dr. Biden went to the Army-Navy football game last weekend—check out photos and a video: 
Mr. President, Americans are canceling weddings and holding funerals without family. They're sacrificing so more Americans don't have to die.  But instead of leading by example, you hosted a super spreader event on the South Lawn.  When will you take the presidency seriously? 
When I hear the words climate change, I hear the word "jobs." Good paying, union jobs that will solve our jobs crisis while addressing our climate crisis. 
It has now been nearly 300 days. It’s time for @senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring this bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it. 
We must invest in our public schools so students can grow into healthy adults and educators can focus on teaching. 
“We are certain we will meet the goal in this country of once again having the highest percentage of college graduates by 2020.” #VPinNH
Joe will take on changing the culture on our college campuses that enables sexual violence, building on the #ItsOnUs effort he started with President Obama. #DemDebate  
Our Constitution begins with three simple words, “We the People” — not “We the Donors.” But for too long, corporations and special interests have corrupted our political process and rigged it in their favor.  Today, I’m releasing my plan to change that: 
To everyone who has placed your faith in our campaign thus far, thank you. Your support means the world to me — and I hope I make you proud. I will do everything I can to bring this country together and restore the soul of our nation. 
Get the word out about what @BarackObama has done in less than 4 years—in under 2 minutes: 
A peace plan requires two sides to come together. This is a political stunt that could spark unilateral moves to annex territory and set back peace even more. I've spent a lifetime working to advance the security &amp; survival of a Jewish and democratic Israel. This is not the way. 
Inspiration for pumpkin carving season, thanks to @OFA_CT: 
Thanks to President Obama’s auto industry rescue, Ohio has been on a steady road to recovery:  #MadeInOhio
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about dignity and respect.  Proud to stand with @UAW to demand fair wages and benefits for their members. America's workers deserve better. 
Hey there - @TeamJoe here. President Trump dismisses everything he doesn’t want to hear as “FAKE NEWS” -- so as he announces his re-election, we want to make sure you have the real facts on his record:
RT this if you agree with VP Biden that Congress needs to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act: 
Louise Slaughter was an unparalleled champion for women. I worked with her on the Violence Against Women Act, and I will always remember her grit and determination in standing up for women and families every day. She will be greatly missed.
Prescription drug companies are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals — it’s wrong. As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and put an end to runaway drug prices. Read my full plan here: 
Ending violence against women is my passion. I couldn't be prouder of  &amp; the students who helped make it happen. -Joe
“He has done more for Israel’s security than any President since Harry Truman.”—VP Biden on President Obama
Here's the simple truth: The United States of America has never been defeated when we're together — and we're not going to be defeated now.  We can and will overcome this.
We have to ensure our economic reopening is safe and strong — and builds the foundation for an economy that works for everyone. Today, I'm releasing my plan to make that happen: 
We have to remember who we are — this is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together. 
So, Mr. President, I am here to tell you this. This is OUR country: The United States of America. You'll never understand what makes us strong. And that's why the American people are going to vote you out of office next year.
This is a national disgrace. We have to ensure these communities get the care they need immediately — and then tackle racial disparities in health care and our economy head-on. 
Dreamers are Americans. Period.
Thank you to everyone who tirelessly worked to protect the health care of millions. You saved lives.
Today I congratulated President @IvanDuque on his successful visit to Washington. Maintaining strong bipartisan support for #Colombia is vitally important to meeting key security and economic challenges in the hemisphere, including humanitarian aid for refugees from #Venezuela.
I’ve always believed we’re at our best when we’re one America. If we come together, there’s not a single thing we cannot overcome.
"We are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights. EVERYONE is endowed with those rights." -VP Biden with @timkaine
Given his track record, no one can take Trump’s word alone on a COVID-19 vaccine. But with satisfactory answers to these questions, every American can have confidence in a safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine. 
I'm proud to support @LREAintheRock and those fighting to ensure every child has access to the quality education they deserve. 
The coronavirus pandemic is bigger than any one individual. This moment requires all of us to come together — across the country and around the world — to solve this crisis. 
To preserve our Constitution, our democracy, and our basic integrity — Donald Trump should be impeached. 
On #WorldHealthDay, we thank the tireless health care workers fighting COVID-19, and we see clearly why protecting the health of Americans requires U.S. global leadership—to coordinate an international response, strengthen health systems everywhere, and prevent the next pandemic.
We’re facing some of the biggest challenges in our history — and it’s abundantly clear Donald Trump just isn’t up for the job.  We need real leadership — and we need it now.
The election is over.  It’s time to put aside the partisanship and the rhetoric designed to demonize one another.  We have to come together.
The Trump Administration misled the American people. 
I know from personal experience how important access to quality, affordable health care is for a family. I know the peace of mind it brings.  It's why as president, I promise I'll protect your children's health care as if they were my own. 
Not a joke, folks. To celebrate Black Friday we’re giving you an extra 10% off our #TeamJoe gear! Head to  and use the code ‘BlackFridayDeal’ to receive your discount. 
In January, I sounded the alarm regarding COVID-19.   Over five months later, President Trump still hasn't taken the action needed to respond to the virus. It's unacceptable.  This president has failed the American people every step of the way. 
"Hillary Clinton. She’s always been there. That’s her life story. And let's state the obvious—that is not Donald Trump’s story." -VP
DREAMers are Americans, and Congress needs to make it official. The millions of DREAMers and undocumented individuals in the United States can only be brought out of the shadows through fair treatment, not ugly threats.
Nebraska –– It’s your last day to register to vote in-person. Head to  to find all the information you need.
Our students deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
Trump’s reckless policies have needlessly endangered our interests in the Middle East. But none of us should be under any illusions about the Iranian regime, and the Iranian people — like all people everywhere — have the right to peaceful protest. The world should support them.
We all know in our bones that this election is different. The stakes are higher. The threat is more serious. We have to beat Donald Trump.  That’s the message we lay out in our first TV ad hitting the airwaves today. Watch it below: 
For a socialist, Senator Sanders has a lot of confidence in corporate America. #DemDebate 
We are America, and we're second to none. Together, let's elect @HillaryClinton the next President. 
I’ve seen firsthand how hard educators work with little pay and few resources. We must do better. A Biden administration will ensure our educators finally receive the pay and dignity they deserve. 
VP Biden was on the road talking to Iowans last week—check out his speech in Dubuque: 
Dr. Biden: “That means talking to all the women in your lives—ask them who they trust to stand up for women &amp; to keep expanding our rights.”
My running mate will be a woman. #DemDebate
VP Biden is visiting Columbus, Ohio on Thursday—check out these awesome pics from his May visit to the Buckeye State: 
I don’t know a single person who believes any part of this pandemic has been a “good thing".  Secretary DeVos and President Trump refuse to take this virus seriously—our children are paying the price.  
"My dad used to have an expression...don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget — I will tell you what you value." -VP Biden
Our campaign starts at the local level. Neighbors talking with neighbors, communities coming together—that’s how we’ll change the country. That’s why we’re organizing watch parties all across this nation to launch our campaign. Sign up to host yours today. 
We are just getting started. Our best days are ahead of us. Do your part. Vote. And bring a friend. —Joe    
We are a nation of immigrants — that’s why we’re so special. #DemDebate 
We have one shot. One opportunity. One moment.  Don’t miss the chance — vote. 
Donald Trump has been trying to throw out Obamacare for years.  And now he sees an opportunity to finally get it done, all while ignoring the will of the people.  We can’t let him.
I’m in Erie, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plans to build back better. Tune in. 
Wrapped up our trip with stops in Sioux City and Council Bluffs, where we discussed our new plan to ensure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa! 
Watch President Obama talk about his clear plan to move us forward: 
I won my first election to the Senate by a little over 3,000 votes. I’m deadly serious when I say showing up matters. Your vote counts. 
5 days. Let’s bring this home.
One of my favorite parts of debate night has become meeting our contest winners from around the country. God love ya, JoAnne. Thanks for coming to Houston.  Enter for your chance to join me at the next Democratic debate:  
President Trump is dead wrong on climate change. We’ve got to choose science over fantasy and treat it like the existential threat that it is.  As president, I would rally the world to take unprecedented action. There would be no empty chair at the G-7. 
Joe Biden has the quickest, most effective plan to achieve universal health care coverage - at 1/30th the cost of Medicare for All. And, he doesn’t get rid of employer-based health care. #DemDebate
Tonight on @60minutes I’ll lay out what I believe we need to do to ensure that America’s word means something again on the world stage. Tune in at 7pm ET.
Cada día parece que descubrimos nuevos horrores cometidos por el presidente Trump y su administración. 
Dr. Fauci should be on TV a lot more than President Trump. 
Roe v. Wade must remain the law of the land. 
Ban assault weapons.  Enact universal background checks.  Hold gun manufacturers accountable.  End our gun violence epidemic.
These folks are true heroes — every single one of them.  Take a minute to read their stories: 
Happy 4th of July! 
Tune in as my team provides an update on the Trump Administration’s efforts to delay ascertainment and how we are moving forward to ensure a smooth transition of power. 
.@CP3 and @StephenCurry30 know exactly what it means to finish strong down the stretch. We’re in the closing days of this campaign, and it’s time to finish this fight and cast our ballots.   Don’t miss your shot: Register to vote today at  
I'm sick of this President badmouthing unions. Labor built the middle class in this country. Minimum wage, overtime pay, the 40-hour week: they exist for all of us because unions fought for those rights. We need a President who honors them and their work.
As president, I will make passing the Equality Act a top legislative priority. A Biden administration won’t rest until we truly achieve full equality, and everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
This election is not just about voting against Donald Trump. It’s about rising to this moment of crisis, understanding people’s struggle, and building a future worthy of their courage and ambition to overcome.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it's a battle we can't lose. So let's get back up, let's fight back, and let's win. 
This is a critical, critical moment. But don't just take it from me. Momentum is growing, chip in $5, $10 now to keep us going:  
The VP meets with supporters after speaking at a fire station in Flint, Michigan in 2011: 
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be speeding up testing — not slowing it down. 
Pete and Amy and Beto backed our campaign — now we need you. This is our moment to come together as a party to beat Donald Trump. If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going: 
Register and vote for Democrats like @HillaryClinton and @KatieMcGintyPA:  #iRegistered #VoterRegistrationDay 
Unlike President Trump, I know what it takes to negotiate with Erdoğan. And if I were president, I would make him pay a heavy price for what he has done. 
President Trump is trying to hijack this election to distract from how he has turned his back on America's families: sabotaging our health care, prioritizing tax cuts for the super-wealthy, and rolling back our progress on climate change.  We won't let him get away with it.
We are months into this crisis and our heroes on the front lines still don't have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. It's unconscionable.  Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act immediately. 
Folks, there's simply too much at stake this November for anyone to sit on the sidelines. Register to vote today — and then reach out to five friends and get them registered as well. 
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Scranton, Pennsylvania 
Donald Trump has failed the American people. 
Young people have the power to own the outcome of this election.  Use it:  
Nevada — early voting has officially started. Join the over 20 million people across the country who have already voted early and cast your ballot today. 
President Trump continues to undermine registered apprenticeships—programs that provide a path to the middle class &amp; a good union job. As president, I will work to save these important programs &amp; ensure every American has the skills they need to get ahead. #SaveApprenticeshipWeek
I support @PPact because women and transgender individuals' health care is essential. Historically, women — and particularly women of color — have been put in a position where they cannot access health care, in a more extreme way more than any other part of the population.
With uncommon courage and unfailing honor, Allied forces claimed the first few feet in the drive to turn back an empire born of hatred and prevent it from consuming Europe. They did it not for personal posterity or political gain, but simply because there was no other choice.
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Burlington, Iowa 
Last night @KamalaHarris showed America exactly why she’ll make an incredible Vice President. 
“I’ve got news for Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan—it’s never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people.”—VP Biden
Growing up with a stutter, my parents taught me from a young age that being different is no barrier to success. Instead, the barrier is far too often our laws, our institutions, and our culture. The ADA began to change all of that.
Today, the pain is so raw it can be hard to keep faith that justice is at hand or that we will ever achieve the more perfect union we all want. But ours is a union worth fighting for, and we are all called to the cause.   No one can stay silent. 
Donald Trump’s inhumane, fear-based immigration policies are a stain on our nation. We have to get him out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
No one should have to pay for coronavirus treatment. Period. 
Happy Homecoming, Delaware State University! I’m biased, but you are the greatest HBCU in the country.
"Character is destiny—you've got a guy running... who doesn't have the courage to stand up and say I won't vote for him." —VP on Marco Rubio
I'll say what Donald Trump won't: The Confederate flag, swastikas, and other symbols of hate that have been used in these protests have no place in America. The president should encourage folks to follow Gov. Whitmer’s public health orders — not sow further discord and division. 
“No one can compete with us… America never bows… We will own the finish line.” –VP Biden in Pennsylvania  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
Some straight talk from Joe this morning: 
The hard truth is it didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump has squandered every chance he's had to contain the spread of this virus. 
We must take urgent action to end Donald Trump’s draconian immigration policies. In my first 100 days, we will:  - End his inhumane asylum policies - End wasteful efforts to build a wall - Reverse “Muslim bans” - Reverse his “public charge” rule - Protect Dreamers &amp; TPS holders
Make no mistake, how we act in the next 12 years will determine the very livability of our planet. We’ll make the largest investment in American history to tackle the climate emergency head on and protect our planet for future generations. 
Health care is on the line. Workers' rights are on the line. Civil rights are on the line. Women's rights are on the line. LGBTQ+ rights are on the line. Immigrant rights are on the line.  Don't sit this one out. Head to  and make your plan to vote today.
“The defining feature here is that to me, to Jill, to Barack, to Michelle, the middle class is not a number.”—VP Biden to @AFTUnion
We have to start rewarding work, not wealth. As president, I will build a stronger, more inclusive middle class — not cut taxes for the super wealthy.
President Trump — what a delusional man. 
I'm incredibly grateful for @SpeakerPelosi's leadership every day — but especially in times of crisis. @senatemajldr McConnell should bring back the Senate immediately and pass this important bill to provide relief for American families. 
“These debates have exposed that Gov. Romney and Paul Ryan have a foreign policy right out of the ’80s, a social policy out of the ’50s.”
9 years ago today, I proudly stood alongside President Obama as he signed the Wall Street reform and consumer protection bill into law.   In the midst of the financial crisis we inherited, we fought to protect working Americans from predatory practices and prevent another crash.
As president, I would never send an American soldier anywhere in the world without the equipment and protection they need. We should not do any less for the heroes on the front lines of the battle we’re in now. 
It’s time we come together as a nation to heal and address the challenges we face. Tune in to our community conversation in Kenosha, Wisconsin: 
We need a president who actually listens to the experts and heeds their advice. 
In America, health care should be a right for all. But time and again, President Trump has made it harder for underrepresented and underserved communities to access the affordable, quality health care they need.  It's shameful, and as president, I will reverse his actions. 
The President and First Lady recorded a special message for servicemembers to mark the launch of @Vets4Obama: 
Race-neutral policies are not a sufficient response to race-based disparities. We need to tackle systemic racism head-on and ensure everyone has a fair shot at the American dream.  Here’s what I would do as president: 
Gun manufacturers — if I’m elected I’m coming for you. #DemDebate
We need a president who chooses hope over fear.
I love you girls so much. I couldn’t be prouder to be your Pop. #DemConvention 
100,000+ lives lost across the country. 1,700,000+ confirmed U.S. cases. 40,000,000+ unemployment claims filed.  Donald Trump has failed our nation.
Donald Trump knew about this crisis all the way back in January — and his response since has been incompetent at best. 
I would trust the guy who’s one of our nation's top public health experts, not the one who pondered injecting disinfectant into the body and looked directly at a solar eclipse. 
Harry Reid is literally and figuratively a fighter. I’m looking forward to working with him again soon. My thoughts are with Harry, Landra, and their family as he recovers.
COVID-19 infections are going up.  The number of deaths is going up.   This morning it was announced that, once again, the number of unemployment claims is going up.   Donald Trump is moving us backwards. The American people are paying the price.
Latinas are the heart of our communities — and on Latina Equal Pay Day, we call attention to the fact that they earn only 54 cents for every dollar a white man makes.  A Biden-Harris Administration will build back better for Latinas by taking overdue action to ensure equal pay.
If you're sick, struggling, or worried about how you're going to get through the day — know you are not alone.  We're all in this together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before. 
I’m running for president to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
From the moment COVID-19 emerged, President Trump downplayed the threat it posed, refused to listen to the experts, and failed to take action to contain its spread.  Now, we’re paying the price.
If you’ve got the President’s back after tonight’s debate, add your name:  #ProudOfObama
Now that’s more like it. 
Registering to vote takes less than 5 minutes. Do it today, then spread the word: 
The more the walls close in on this guy, the more irrational he becomes. 
We’re in a battle for the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has:  - Fanned the flames of hatred and bigotry - Embraced dictators - Ripped children from their parents' arms - Degraded our national character  We have to get him out of the White House.
Four years ago, President Obama promised to bring back American manufacturing—and he's keeping his word:  #MadeInOhio
No family should go through the pain that Kristin and her family have gone through. #DemConvention 
Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.  We must make him a one-term president.
A moment in the Oval Office: 
Jill and I are heartbroken at the passing of Dr. Emily Clyburn. She was a remarkable woman — an activist and community leader, a true partner throughout Jim's career in public office. Jim and the entire Clyburn family are in our hearts during this time of grief. 
My full statement: 
Eight years ago, a white supremacist targeted a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, WI — ultimately taking seven lives in an unspeakable act of terror. To truly honor those we lost, it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry in our lives, give hate no safe harbor, and reduce gun violence.
Congratulations to the @USWNT on back-to-back Women’s World Cup titles! You never fail to make our country proud — on and off the field. #OneNationOneTeam 
For years, President Trump and Republicans have waged a war on America's labor unions.   It will end on my watch.  I'll sign the PRO Act — making it easier for workers to organize and collectively bargain — and be the strongest labor president workers have ever had.
This is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making. He claimed pulling out of the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He has failed on both counts.  He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we’ve ever had. 
The subpoenas should go to witnesses with testimony to offer to Trump’s shaking down the Ukraine government — they should go to the White House.
The Equifax settlement is a reminder of the trust we put in major corporations that possess large amounts of personal data. We must continue to hold them accountable for keeping personal information secure and protected.   
I’m running for president to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we have to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
Folks, I just wrapped up my first CNN Town Hall of the general election. We’re in the home stretch of this campaign and your support matters more than ever.  Chip in to help us keep tonight’s momentum going: 
In Ohio, 1 in 8 jobs relate to the auto industry—that’s 848,000 Ohioans whose jobs are more secure thanks to President Obama. #MadeInOhio
The American people have sacrificed so much to fight this virus — we've lost lives, businesses, paychecks. And now, we're losing the progress we've made because this president refuses to do his job.  Donald Trump has failed our nation every step of the way. 
Folks, I’ve got some big news: Next week, I’m getting together with my friend and former boss, President @BarackObama, for a virtual grassroots fundraiser. We would love to see you there.   Chip in now to get your ticket: 
Every American deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.  My new plan will allow people to buy into a public option, increase premium tax credits for middle class families, and expand coverage to low-income Americans. 
I'm in Darby, Pennsylvania, to discuss how we can make sure the country's reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in: 
This is a shameful move. Now is the time for employers to have empathy for families juggling work and caregiving.  It's long past time for President Trump to show some leadership so we can get this virus under control. 
First responders for Obama-Biden in Florida yesterday: 
The character of our country is on the ballot.  Last night’s debate showed once and for all that the choice is as clear as ever, and the stakes are as high as ever.  Vote:  
We need to build an economy that rewards work — not just wealth. 
In May 2010, the VP reaffirmed U.S. solidarity with a unified EU in an address to the European Parliament: 
Foreign policy officials review the strength and steadiness of President Obama's leadership on the world stage: 
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period.   As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a woman’s constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. #DemDebate
I want America to be the envy of the world again. 
Dr. Biden stopped by an @OFA_MN field office last weekend to fire up volunteers: 
Donald Trump may not like it, but it's his responsibility to step up and lead our nation's testing strategy. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and returning to some semblance of normalcy. 
Once Donald Trump is out of the way, there is nothing we can’t do. 
We must turbocharge our efforts to address climate change that threatens communities across the country. Through clean, renewable energy and cleaner, safer, faster transportation, America will not only help the environment but provide millions of good-paying middle-class jobs.
VP on Romney-Ryan: “You heard the debates. It was made very clear that they don't believe a woman has a right to control her own body.”
So great to visit the Ernest S. Sterling Student Life Center at Texas Southern University. Thanks for letting me join you for lunch. Go Tigers! 
RT @VP: PHOTO: VP Biden celebrates Cinco de Mayo a few days early at a breakfast at the Naval Observatory, 5/2/12. 
FACT: Under President Obama, Iowa’s economy has experienced record farm incomes and exports.
President Trump’s abdication of American leadership on climate change is dangerous. If we give him four more years, our planet may never recover.  On day one, I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. 
The lives of tens of millions of Americans have been thrown into chaos through no fault of their own — and Donald Trump simply isn't doing enough to help them. 
I just finished tonight’s CNN Town Hall, where I laid out my vision for our future and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families.  I know we can defeat Donald Trump and take back this country, but we can’t do it without your help. Chip in today:  
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he is responsible for our slow, uncoordinated response.  Experts say that if we had acted two weeks earlier, more lives could have been saved.  Trump failed to take swift action—and we're paying the price. 
We have a president more interested in beating people at golf than beating COVID-19.
There is only one way to confront hatred and prejudice: head on. Well said, Lt. Gen Silveria. 
It’s grassroots donors like you who power our campaign. And I’m counting on you to help us meet our end-of-quarter fundraising goal.  If you’re able, please chip in before tomorrow night’s big deadline: 
Donald Trump has presided over the most corrupt administration in modern American history.
I’m about to take the stage, so I’m handing over the account to my staff to make sure you don’t miss a thing. Head to  to tune in as we launch our campaign.
In 2019, foreign policy is domestic policy, and domestic policy is foreign policy. They are a deeply connected set of choices we make about how to advance the American way of life and our vision for the future.
Tomorrow, President @BarackObama and I are hosting a virtual grassroots fundraiser. We’ll be answering some of your questions and taking a few trips down memory lane. You won’t want to miss it.   Time is running out to reserve your spot. RSVP today: 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump:   - Fans the flames of hate and emboldens white supremacists - Embraces dictators - Rips children from their parents' arms - Spouts racist lies about immigrants  We have to get him out of the White House.
Who we are. What we stand for. Who we are going to be.  It's all at stake — and you have the power to determine the outcome.  Vote before polls close:  
LGBTQ rights are the civil rights issue of our time. For all the hard-won progress made in the fight for equality, and for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten, this fight is not over. I’m proud to stand by those who fight for it every day. 
Our plan will increase teacher pay and provide them with the support they deserve. We’ll invest in all children from birth, so that regardless of their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability they are prepared to succeed in tomorrow’s economy.
Joe Burrow worked hard to reach the pinnacle of college football, but he never forgot the everyday struggle of the community he came from. Joe - your humility is inspiring. Thank you for reminding us to never forget those less fortunate than us.  
VP Biden in Ohio yesterday: "The American people will not go back. The American people only know one way: forward." 
To everyone celebrating the Hindu festival of Ganesh Chaturthi in the U.S., India, and around the world, may you overcome all obstacles, be blessed with wisdom, and find a path toward new beginnings.
Thank you, @UFCW! I promise you won’t have a better ally in the White House if I’m president. I’m a union guy and always have been. Together, we can restore the soul of this nation. 
On the third anniversary of Hurricane Maria, it’s not enough to just remember the devastation wrought by the storm. We must act to ensure nothing like it ever happens again and to ensure Puerto Rico gets the full dignity and respect it deserves. 
President Bill Clinton is explaining why we should vote Obama-Biden on Nov. 6. Watch it live: 
Obamacare was a big deal — and that still holds true a decade later. On its tenth anniversary, we need to double down on our efforts to protect it from Donald Trump's attacks and build on it to ensure every American receives the care they need. 
Nevada — early voting starts today! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard. 
I’ve dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who honors that duty. 
You deserve a president who tells you the truth. 
America is at an inflection point.  The calls for racial justice that sparked the March on Washington 57 years ago are ringing out again today.  As we honor the legacy of that day — let's meet this moment with the urgency and action that our heroes marched for half a century ago. 
Biden will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. He’ll work to ensure that communities across the country from Flint, MI to Harlan, KY to the NH Seacoast have access to clean, safe drinking water.
Those are the kinds of questions Trump will be responsible for. He doesn’t have a great record when it comes to delivering on promises, but I hope this time is different.   Being president is about taking responsibility. The blame game won’t cut it. Too many lives are at stake.
Diplomacy is important, but diplomacy requires a strategy, a process, and competent leadership to deliver. After three made-for-TV summits, we still don't have a single concrete commitment from North Korea.
The Vice President sat down for a chat with @edshow’s Ed Schultz yesterday: 
"We are the United States of America. There's not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together." #DemConvention 
Do your part. Wear a mask. 
The VP enjoyed some frozen custard with locals in downtown Winston-Salem yesterday: 
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: Donald Trump is running the most corrupt administration in modern American history. 
Vanessa, I'm keeping you in my prayers today. Grief is a heavy burden to bear — especially with the eyes of the world watching. But there will come a day, I promise you, when the memory of Kobe and Gianna will bring a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. 
Two years ago, a white supremacist entered Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life Synagogue and perpetrated the deadliest anti-Semitic attack in American history. May the memories of those we lost be a blessing — and may we never stop fighting the scourges of anti-Semitism and gun violence.
This is politics at its worst. We should all feel safe to walk the streets of our own cities and towns. Our workers should feel safe at work. Our students should always feel safe at school.
“We don’t think you grow the economy from millionaires down. We think you grow it from the middle class out.”—VP Biden
Detroit — and our country as a whole — is like its people: resilient and tough. Defined by a work ethic that is unmatched by any place in the world. And when given half a fighting chance, there’s nothing the American people can’t do.
My plan to create a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce will put 3 million Americans to work — and free up millions more people to join the paid labor force.  It's a fresh, bold approach that will help us recover faster and stronger. 
I’m grateful that Gene shared his story. The battle against cancer is personal for me, like it is for so many Americans. But I’m confident — with the power of America’s best minds — we will end cancer as we know it. 
You are the rock of our family, Jilly. I am and have always been in awe of you. 
Today, I join leaders and activists around the world in recommitting to ending violence against women everywhere. Donald Trump has undermined American leadership — I'll restore it, and work to address gender-based violence in all its forms.  #IDEVAW 
Donald Trump has slammed the door shut in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. On day one, I will eliminate President Trump’s decision to limit asylum and end the MPP program. #RestoreAsylumNOW 
Smiles on the road in Virginia: 
"Barack knows the American dream because he's lived it." Watch @MichelleObama's debut at the DNC last night: 
To the millions of Hindus, Jains, Sikhs, and Buddhists celebrating the Festival of Lights, @DrBiden and I send our best wishes for a #HappyDiwali. May your new year be filled with hope, happiness, and prosperity. Sal Mubarak.
Donald Trump has turned his back on America’s families. It’s time we rewarded work, not just wealth. 
.@BarackObama on the GOP convention: "They talked a lot about me. But they didn't say much about you." 
If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet will never recover.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck—it’s about dignity, it’s about respect, it’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. Too many people today can’t say that.  We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and restore the dignity of work. 
25 years ago, the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law, forever changing the culture around sexual assault and domestic violence in our nation. It's one of my proudest accomplishments.  There's still more work to be done—and it's on all of us to finish the job. #VAWA25 
Let me be clear: No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic because they can’t pay rent. 
This was preventable. 
President Trump ordered his administration to slow down coronavirus testing, he tried to block CDC funding, and he has ignored the experts from day one. His actions defy both logic and humanity.   What kind of president actively undercuts efforts that will save lives?
VP on Paul Ryan’s false claim about a GM plant closing: “That plant in Janesville actually closed while President Bush was still in office.”
President Trump betrayed our partners, the Syrian Democratic Forces, and endangered our hard-won gains against ISIS. Our troops are left in the middle of a war with no plan other than retreat.  He has failed as Commander-in-Chief to safeguard our country &amp; protect our troops. 
You can sue tobacco companies.   You can sue pharmaceutical companies.  The only companies you can’t sue are gun manufacturers because of a law Bernie Sanders voted for. #DemDebate
Today, I’m releasing a new plan to achieve equity for the African American community and take us one step closer to making America what it ought to be. Read more: 
Honored to be asked a question at tonight's #EqualityTownHall by my friend Judy Shepard. It was a privilege to work with her to secure the passage of legislation that extended our hate crimes laws to crimes based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
Two years ago today: Elena Kagan poses with the VP and President Obama on the day she’s nominated to the Supreme Court. 
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the @NRA and pass common-sense gun safety measures — not one with a long record of siding with the gun lobby. 
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. I will represent you — whether you vote for me or against me.
May your time with loved ones be full of peace, laughter, and joy. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. With love, from my family to yours. 
This country has to come together. This division, this hatred, this ugliness has to end.
Trump launched his 2016 campaign by calling Mexicans rapists.  He's spread racism against our Latino community ever since.  We need to work in partnership with Mexico.  We need to restore dignity and humanity to our immigration system.  That's what I'll do as President.
The Department of Commerce just announced the 2020 Census will not have President Trump’s citizenship question. This is not only a victory for immigrants and Latinos, but for all Americans. Everyone deserves to be counted and have their voices heard without fear.
When there were 15 cases, the President said it wouldn't spread any farther.   We just hit our 3 millionth case.  We're paying for his failure. 
It all starts in Iowa, on February 3rd. Together, we're going to take this nation back from Donald Trump. 
This cold-blooded shooting is unconscionable and the perpetrator must be brought to justice.  Violence of any kind is wrong; those who commit it should be caught and punished.  Jill and I are keeping the deputies and their loved ones in our hearts and praying for a full recovery. 
It is the honor of my life to accept the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States of America. #DemConvention
The CARES Act provides money to help working people—how do we make sure it gets to them as quickly as possible?   There’s money for major corporations—how do we make sure that there is rigorous oversight to ensure it is used to help workers and not enrich top executives?
This election is about more than just beating Donald Trump. It’s about:  - Replacing Betsy DeVos with an actual educator - Having an Attorney General who defends the Constitution, not the president - Ensuring our EPA Administrator believes climate change is an existential threat
We have to make sure that no hospital or health care provider can discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love. #EqualityTownHall 
Let’s be clear, Donald Trump pressured a foreign government to interfere in our elections. It goes against everything the United States stands for.  We must make him a one-term president.
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong. They’re very dangerous. They’re very un-American." -VP Biden
Today’s news that more than 22 million people filed unemployment claims over the last month is devastating. It’s clear more needs to be done to help hardworking Americans—so I’m calling for a bigger, bolder approach to keeping people on the job. Read more: 
Firefighters represent the best of America — courageous, selfless, and always answering the call to duty. I'm grateful to those who are heading to help our friends in Australia battle devastating wildfires. 
Let me say what President Trump won't: Russian interference in our elections is a violation of our sovereignty. And if I’m president, I’ll respond accordingly. 
We’ve been waiting years for President Trump to reveal his grand plan for health care, and he still has nothing to show.  I’ve laid out exactly what I’ll do. Take a look: 
Tonight marks our biggest public end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign so far. I know times are tough, but what’s at stake in this election has never been clearer. If you could chip in to help us reach our goal, I would really appreciate it: 
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, make sure everyone comes along.
I'm about to deliver remarks on the impact of the Coronavirus on Young Americans. Tune in to watch live: 
“Let's show Barack what kind of grassroots organization he's got behind him—one that's ready for whatever comes ahead.” 
It is within our grasp to end our gun violence epidemic. As president, I will hold gun manufacturers accountable, get weapons of war off our streets, and keep guns out of dangerous hands. Read my full plan: 
Donald Trump needs to spend less time playing golf and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci.
VP: "Being president requires a clear vision and a steady hand. That's exactly what President Obama demonstrated." 
100 years ago today, the 19th Amendment was certified, giving some women the right to vote.  But we still have further to go.  We must carry forward the banner of equality and create that more perfect union we've always strived to be. #WomensEqualityDay 
Help make sure that taxes stay low for families and small businesses—contact your representative now:  #My2K
This pandemic is bigger than any one individual or country. This moment requires all of us to come together — across the nation and around the world — to solve this crisis.
If you’re worried about whether you’ll have a job, worried about the poisons in the air you breathe and water you drink, worried about your civil rights or even your basic dignity being under attack—@KamalaHarris has had your back. Now, we have to have hers.
This is a bunch of malarkey and you know it, @senatemajldr. We left a 69-page playbook on how to fight pandemics.  You can read it here if you’d like:   And make sure to pass along your notes to President Trump. He could use them. 
One of my great honors as Vice President was speaking at the Air Force Academy commencement. We need a President who respects our troops. 
On the anniversary of a hopeful moment, it's clear Trump's Venezuela policy is a dead end. Millions are suffering with the Maduro regime still in power. 
Today was our first nationwide Day of Action! It was great to spend the day in Las Vegas, Nevada kicking off our phone bank with our incredible volunteers. #TeamJoe 
From day one, Donald Trump downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, ignored scientists, and refused to take action.   Now, nearly 5 million cases and more than 150,000 deaths later, it's crystal clear we're paying the price for his failed leadership.
Our military deserves a commander-in-chief who ensures they have what they need when we send them into harm's way. Donald Trump betrays this sacred obligation. By abandoning partners who risk everything to stand at our side, Trump makes every future mission harder for our troops. 
Rick — thank you for sharing your talent with me. I was so blown away by your art that I asked my team to add it to our online store:  
The fact of the matter is Donald Trump doesn't have a health care plan.  I do — and you can read it here:  
Beau Biden was not a loser. 
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We should be making voting easier — not harder.
I know a lot of folks want to write our campaign off right now, but tonight is showing that we're just getting started. We need your help to make the most of tonight's debate.  Chip in to keep our momentum going: 
Congress is scheduled to vote on the Buffett Rule next week. Why do you support a fairer tax system? 
We have in our hands the ultimate power: the power of the vote.  Don’t let it go to waste. Make your plan to vote today. 
Thanks to Randy Johnson for sharing his story about the impact of Romney economics—let's fight to keep different values in the WH. –Joe
To combat COVID-19, we need a decisive public health response to curb its spread and a comprehensive economic response that delivers real relief to Americans.  I've released several plans outlining exactly what I would do if I were president. Take a look: 
What does building back better mean for you?  - Millions of new, good-paying jobs - A $15 federal minimum wage - Stronger benefits and fair workplaces - An economy that works for everyone—not just the wealthy - The choice to join a union  That's the future we can build together.
Medgar Evers once said, "freedom has never been free." On this day in 1963, he paid the ultimate price in pursuit of freedom for his brothers and sisters. He was gunned down fighting to end racial injustice. We must honor him by carrying forward that cause in our own lives today.
Now is not the time to cower in the face of the @NRA, now is the time to stand up with courage and conviction and pass gun safety legislation. Lives depend on it.
In the United States of America, we leave nobody behind — no matter your race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability. We need a president who understands that. 
Help prove that a grassroots movement can still win an election—pitch in $5 now: 
I firmly believe America's best days still lie ahead. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't do.
We have no time to lose when it comes to our national security and foreign policy — I need a team that’s ready on day one. Tune in as I introduce key members of that team for the first time. 
Donald Trump may believe mouthing the words law and order makes him strong, but his failure to call on his own supporters to stop acting as an armed militia in this country shows you how weak he is.
Listen to Vice President Biden — go to  register to vote, and make your voice count for @HillaryClinton. 
I’ve dedicated my entire life to serving this country — and I’m not finished yet. 
Today, @DougJones stood up and did the right thing. He showed courage on the Senate floor, when many did not.   The only way we will defeat Trump now is to keep strong Democrats in the Senate—and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket. Chip in today: 
Donald Trump does not decide the outcome of this election and nor do I. The American people decide. That’s why we’ve launched the Biden Fight Fund — to ensure every vote is counted.  Chip in to help fund our election protection efforts across the country: 
We’re starting to see evidence that long-term exposure to air pollution—which disproportionately affects communities of color &amp; low-income communities—is linked to COVID-19 death rates. It's past time we treat pollution like the threat to our health it is. 
Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. As president, I will ensure health care is a right, not a privilege — and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve. Read my full plan: 
Today marks five years since the horrific ISIS terrorist attacks in Paris — an assault not just on the people of France but against our common humanity.  As president, I will work to protect Americans and our allies, countering terrorism and extremist violence in all forms.
Heather Heyer was a brave young woman who saw what was happening in her hometown of Charlottesville and decided to fight against it.   Let us honor her memory by continuing to stand against hate.
Think about what it takes for a Black person to love America.   That is a deep love for this country that, for far too long, we have never recognized. 
We can’t leave a single vote on the table, and we’ve got to do everything in our power to re-elect fantastic public servants like Senator @clairecmc.  So I'm heading to Missouri for a Get Out The Vote Rally tomorrow evening. Join us: 
They say choosing your running mate is the most important decision you make when you’re running for president. Well, I’m confident I made the right choice.  Tonight, @KamalaHarris speaks directly to America. Tune in at 9 PM ET:  
As the economy continues to spiral downwards and unemployment soars to Great Depression-era levels, we cannot ignore the hard truth: This crisis hit us harder and will take longer to recover from because of Donald Trump’s failures. 
There is too much at stake on Tuesday to sit this election out. Tune in as @BarackObama, @StevieWonder, and I get out the vote in Detroit, Michigan. 
In a Biden administration, we’ll protect the Affordable Care Act and the progress we’ve made — and won’t rest until every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.  Read the full plan here: 
“My promise to you and Barack tonight”: 
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I’ll do my job and take responsibility. I won’t blame others. And I’ll never forget that the job isn’t about me — it’s about you.
Before @KamalaHarris steps on stage, tune in for a pre-debate event with @MindyKaling, @PadmaLakshmi, @DJCassidy, and more. 
Our nation was founded on the principles of equality, equity, and fairness. But from day one, America has failed to live up to that promise for most of its people.   We must do better. We can do better. #TeamJoe 
The Affordable Care Act was a historic achievement. 20 million Americans gained coverage. Over 100 million with pre-existing conditions finally got protection. We can’t tear it down.  So today, I’m releasing my plan to Protect &amp; Build on Obamacare:  
Tomorrow, I’m heading to New York City to talk about my foreign policy vision for America — we need to restore dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage. RSVP to join us: 
Last night, Vice President Mike Pence stood before America and with a straight face said, “You won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America.”  His proof?  The violence you’re seeing in Donald Trump’s America. 
I ain’t a socialist.  I ain’t a plutocrat.  I’m a Democrat — and I'm proud of it. 
After three days, we have even more evidence of how President Trump's disastrous foreign policy has left the U.S. isolated. Rather than looking to America for vision, our closest democratic allies sought to manage and mitigate the damage Trump might do at this year's G-7.
Welcome to Washington, @UDBlueHens! 
Congratulations @AFLCIO on 64 years of empowering workers to bargain for what they deserve. The 40-hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety — it’s all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that.
I’m still fired up from the incredible energy at the #NHDems2020 convention. Thank you to everyone from @TeamJoe who came out to show your support! 
LGBTQ young people should never have to face rejection from those who love them. Share your story with @bidenfoundation about the importance of family acceptance, because we all deserve to be safe, loved, and affirmed. #AsYouAre   
Between the coronavirus and the economic crisis, this is a tough time for our country, I know. But I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. Together, we will climb out of these crises and emerge stronger than before.
Looking forward to welcoming Gov @JohnKasich to @UDelaware @UDBidenInst to discuss bridging partisan divides &amp; restoring faith in government
Everyone does better when women are able to rise as high as their talents will take them.  On this International Women’s Day, we honor all the brave women who have spoken out this year, and we recognize that our fight is still far from finished.  #IWD2018
Grateful to have the support of @latinovictoryus! We can't beat Trump without a broad and diverse coalition that includes and elevates the Latino community. Together, we can win the battle for the soul of our nation. 
When we said to give us your tired, poor, and huddled masses, we absolutely did not mean "unless they are fleeing violence." 
I am issuing this challenge to the President: in the next 48 hours, direct the production and distribution of respirator masks, gloves, protective face shields and gowns to fill every supply request made by a governor to the federal government.   Lives are at stake.
Today, the Trump Administration officially left the Paris Climate Agreement. And in exactly 77 days, a Biden Administration will rejoin it. 
Finally, Joe Biden has been integral to some of the biggest child care tax credit wins in our history, including in the Recovery Act and the fiscal cliff deal.  And as president, he'll expand the child care tax credit to up to $8,000 per family. #DemDebate
Favorite Joe photos, vol. 2: 
The #TeamJoe energy at tonight’s #LJ19 Celebration was incredible. With just 94 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest campaign possible.  Chip in $5 today: 
I just wrapped up tonight's #DemDebate, and I need your help to keep this momentum going. Every donation makes a big difference. Chip in today:  
We desperately need men and women of character in elected office. That's why next Tuesday, one week out from Election Day, I'm proud to join @tammybaldwin &amp; @Tony4WI at early vote rallies. RSVP here:   Madison:    Milwaukee 
President Trump is undermining our health care and trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every turn. As a result, 400,000 additional children are uninsured. It’s cruel.  I will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to the care they need. 
Thank you @Captsully for sharing your story. There’s a lot of kids who I bet needed to hear it.   Being different isn’t a barrier to success. It can give you the strength to save lives in a crash landing — or even run for President. 
Honored to see Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew in Athens – his leadership on climate change and the environment is the example we need now 
New York, we love you. Grateful to first responders who saved lives today. Jill and I are keeping you all in our prayers.
Especially for those moments when this campaign was at its lowest — the African American community stood up again for me. They always have my back, and I’ll have yours.
Congratulations to the Class of 2020 and to all those who were a part of the journey. I can't wait to see what you all accomplish. #GraduateTogether 
We're months into this pandemic and still don't have proper testing, PPE, or clear nationwide guidance. Instead, Donald Trump:  - Pushes dangerous, disproven drugs - Stands in the way of the CDC - Refuses to wear a mask  He is failing even the most basic test of leadership.
Wishing a happy birthday to the rock and roll legend, @springsteen. Your ability to connect with everyday Americans and the issues they face is unrivaled. We are all better off because of your talent, your passion, and your voice.
Happy birthday, VP Biden! 
No one should shed a tear for Qassem Soleimani. But Trump’s reckless escalation and thoughtless withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal has made America less safe. We need a return to diplomacy and a steady hand at the wheel to navigate an increasingly dangerous world. #DemDebate
Another school year is starting. Another month of Senate Republicans’ inaction on gun violence. This powerful ad from my friends @sandyhook captures the physical and emotional consequences of that inaction. 
Congratulations to Dr. @iingwen on the start of her second term. Taiwan’s thriving democracy and response to COVID-19 are an example to the world. America’s support for Taiwan must remain strong, principled, and bipartisan. 
Photo of the day: Thanking first responders in Durham, NC. 
I won't be crossing a picket line. We’ve got to stand together with @UniteHere11 for affordable health care and fair wages. A job is about more than just a paycheck. It's about dignity. 
Retweet if you’re proud to be on #TeamJoe! #DemDebate 
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the warnings and refused to take action. He failed our nation. 
In a Biden administration, we will lower health care costs and achieve universal coverage — and we will do it without raising taxes on the middle class. 
Trump’s words and actions are damaging our place in the world and our futures. We are a nation founded on diversity and opportunity for everyone.   I’m running for President because we need to fight back against the incredible abuses of power we’re seeing. 
VP Biden talks about the GOP’s “different value set” on family issues like reforming Social Security and Medicare: 
VP Biden on the 334,000 manufacturing jobs created in the past two years: 
Let me make one thing clear, the promise of this nation will not be extinguished on my watch. 
Donate $20 or whatever you can to stop the other side from buying and bullying its way to a win right at the end: 
After last night, I just had to write a note about my friend and running mate, @KamalaHarris. 
I know COVID-19 is causing many people to feel anxious about what the future holds or lonely during this time of social distancing — and that's okay, just know that you're not alone. I've asked my friend, Dr. Vivek Murthy, to share a few tips on how to get through this: 
The fight against cancer is personal for me — like it is for so many Americans. It’s why I’m committed to ending cancer as we know it. 
Fights for working people. Respects immigrants. Good taste in sunglasses. @timkaine is ready to be Vice President. 
This economy may be working great for Donald Trump and his wealthy friends — but it's not working for the rest of America.  It's time we change that.
I just stepped off the stage at tonight’s town hall, where I laid out what’s at stake in this election.  Now, I need your help. Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch. 
I was honored to meet Vlad and Adrianna tonight at the #BidenCourageAwards. These young people exemplify what @ItsOnUs is all about. I hope their bravery inspires more to take action to change our culture.  Join these leaders and sign the #ItsOnUs pledge: 
It's time we pick our heads up and remember who we are. This is the United States of America — there is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together. 
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I’ve dedicated my entire life to serving this country, and I’m not done yet. 
Alabama, this gets to the heart of why you should vote for Doug Jones on December 12th. A man of incredible integrity and intellect. 
I applaud Monday's sentences against seven of the men found guilty of killing Honduran environmental leader Berta Caceres. Environmentalists and human rights activists should not have to fear for their lives. #JusticeForBerta 
Every day it becomes clearer: We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. Who we want to be. It’s all at stake.  We have to vote Donald Trump out this November.
This is the final stretch — the Iowa caucuses are just one day away and we need your help to keep the momentum going. Every phone call and every conversation will make a big difference tomorrow night. Head to  to make calls into Iowa. Let’s get to work. 
Ready. #DemDebate 
Gov. @Hickenlooper ran a strong campaign, talking about the urgent need to rebuild our middle class and standing up to President Trump's trade wars. Coloradans are lucky to have John in their corner, and I look forward to seeing what he does next.
Before I was Vice President, before I was a Senator — I started my career as an elected official on the New Castle County Council. Local races matter. I'm proud to sign the @runforsomething pledge to support candidates up and down the ballot to invest in our party’s future.
The hard truth is that under President Trump, we’ve become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent.
The true character of a person is revealed in the Oval Office. We saw it with President Obama. We're seeing it with President Trump — and what we've witnessed from this president over the last three years makes clear that we can't give him another four. 
“Don’t listen to any economist who tries to define the middle class for you as a number … The middle class is a way of life.”—VP Biden
An open and independent press is more important than ever in times like this. They deserve to be treated with respect — not belittled with schoolyard taunts from this president. 
Health care is personal for me — like it is for so many Americans. That’s why I’ll never stop fighting to ensure everyone has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. 
Folks write letters to me asking all kinds of questions, but Jack's question on my favorite ice cream flavor might be the best one yet.  Here’s what I told him:  
I did. It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf. You violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation.  You should be impeached. 
“We'll never be able to outsource our way to greatness. The greatness of this nation is the grit and determination of all of you.”—VP Biden
Why did Donald Trump tell Bob Woodward the truth about COVID-19, but not the American people?
It’s time to remember who we are. We are Americans: We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
We just wrapped up a great event in Marshalltown, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us on this #FourthOfJuly! 
President Trump cut outreach programs that help people get health insurance coverage. At every turn, he has sabotaged the ACA and made it harder for Americans to access health care. It's wrong.  I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone receives the care they need. 
You deserve a president who tells you the truth.
It’s clear that climate change is already here. Today. And we need to take urgent action to address it.  That starts with beating Donald Trump. 
We need a president who puts protecting our children ahead of the @NRA. 
Obamacare was and is a big deal. The law:  - Covered 20 million additional Americans - Protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions - Allows young people to stay on their parents’ plans until age 26  Mike Bloomberg calls that “a disgrace.” I call it progress. #DemDebate 
We have to make this an era of action — starting with real police reform. No more excuses. No more delays.   Add your name to demand Congress ban chokeholds — and pass real police reform — right now: 
Thank you, @AdyBarkan for your courage and for all that you do to ensure a more just, more equal America. #DemConvention 
We're already feeling impacts of climate change. Exiting #ParisAgreement imperils US security and our ability to own the clean energy future
Today, House Democrats led the way by passing a bill to restore the Voting Rights Act. All but one Republican voted against it. Shameful. Strengthening our democracy should not be a partisan issue. #HR4 #RestoreTheVote
As I celebrate today with friends &amp; family, I am reflecting on the promise those rebels envisioned 243 years ago. America hasn’t lived up to that promise for most people—but we’ve never stopped trying. We must continue in our pursuit until we achieve equality &amp; liberty for all.
On behalf of the whole Biden family, I’d like to offer our thoughts and best wishes to @FLOTUS for a swift and full recovery.
Learn more about the VP’s efforts to combat teen dating violence:  #1is2Many
Join me on Earth Day for a virtual town hall with special guest Al Gore — on one of the most pressing issues facing our country and the world. Tune in now: 
Gun violence occurs every day across America. Enough is enough. Not every life lost makes national headlines, but it's just as painful for those left behind. This is an epidemic plaguing our communities &amp; destroying our children’s futures. We must act now. 
A Biden-Harris administration will create millions of good-paying, union jobs and ensure the future is made in America — by all of America. I’m speaking live from Hermantown, MN on how we’ll get it done. Tune in. 
It’s Election Day in #NC09 — grab a friend and get out and vote for @McCreadyForNC. Polls are open until 7:30 PM, and you can find your polling place here: 
I know @KamalaHarris will work every single day to make life better for all Americans and build this nation back better than before. 
We’re kicking off the biggest weekend of action yet, and chances are there’s an event near you. Get out there: 
This is a job Donald Trump is entirely unfit for. 
Today, we lost a giant of the civil rights movement and a relentless champion in the struggle for justice. Reverend C.T. Vivian never stopped pushing our nation closer to our highest ideals — and we are better because of it. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers. 
These folks know that we can’t saddle this country with four more years of Donald Trump. 
America's history is the story of "We the People."  Of all of us — together. 
This is our moment to choose:  Hope over fear. Unity over division. Science over fiction. Truth over lies.  Vote: 
More than 9 million cases of COVID-19 have been now confirmed in the United States — and more than 228,000 Americans have lost their lives.  It is as severe an indictment of a president’s record as one can possibly imagine, and it is utterly disqualifying.
Mohamed Amashah is finally home after 486 days in Egyptian prison for holding a protest sign. Arresting, torturing, and exiling activists like Sarah Hegazy and Mohamed Soltan or threatening their families is unacceptable. No more blank checks for Trump’s "favorite dictator." 
I’m in Warren, Michigan, to discuss how a Biden-Harris administration will ensure the future is made in America — by America’s workers. Tune in now: 
Maryland –– today's the first day of early voting across the state. Head to  to learn more. Cast your ballot today.
I’m inspired by the strength and resilience of Chrissy and survivors across the country, and proud of the change the Violence Against Women Act created, but we still have further to go.  Today, I released my plan to build on VAWA:  
When I first ran for Senate, we put up a billboard that said, “Joe Biden: For all our families.”  It’s a motto that has guided me throughout my career.  It doesn’t matter if you’re a Democrat or Republican—I’ll be a president for all Americans, not just the ones who vote for me.
Inspired by the courage and determination of young people across the world as they take to the streets for today’s #ClimateStrike. Climate change is an existential threat that we cannot wait to address. It's up to all of us to take action—future generations are counting on us.
Trump's Cuba policy hurts families on &amp; off the island. Administrations of both parties have supported family reunification, and I support @DebbieforFL &amp; @DonnaShalala's work to reunite Cuban families. As president, I will reinstate the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program.
This election is about the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul.
A policy that separates young children from their parents isn’t a “deterrent”. It’s unconscionable.   A policy that traumatizes children isn’t a bargaining chip. It’s abhorrent. 
I discussed how in a Biden Administration, we’ll support teachers and ensure every kid has access to a quality education. Because in America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
Welcome home, Bob and Doug! The first American splashdown in 45 years was executed with precision, and is truly a victory for American innovation and persistence. Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful conclusion to this historic mission. 
Certain life experiences are strongly correlated with an increased likelihood of future incarceration - abuse, illiteracy, experience in foster care.  I’ll invest in our children to address underlying factors driving incarceration. Read our plan at  
The example set by Dr. King is one that inspires us to work toward a more just and equal future. Today, we celebrate that legacy.
Folks, we are currently $45,000 short of raising $1 million online today. We don't have a lot of time, but if we all pitch in, we can do it. Can I count on your help? Pitch in before midnight: 
Donald Trump’s inaction cost lives. 
VP on the GOP: “They say they care about the middle class. Isn’t it amazing how they discovered the middle class at their convention?”
If anyone has reason to be angry with Republicans, it’s me. I have no love for them after the way they’ve attacked me and my family. But we have to unite this country and get things done. 
Congratulations to the two women who led the way: @RepLonghurst and @HansenForSenate, as well as all of the lawmakers, activists, and citizens who made this happen.
"[Trump] is trying to tell us he cares about the middle class? Give me a break... That's such a bunch of malarkey!" -VP Biden
Gabby is one of the strongest people I know. The resilience she has shown is remarkable. I'm inspired by her courage in turning tragedy into purpose and grateful for her relentless determination to make our country a safer place for all. 
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, the planet may never recover. 
When the press, pundits, and our opponents wrote us off, @TeamJoe delivered big.    This was the launching pad. Now let’s win this thing. 
There used to be a basic bargain in this country—when you worked hard, you shared in the prosperity you helped create. But CEOs and Wall Street continue to put profits over workers. It's wrong.  We have to restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone earns what they deserve.
Because of the Affordable Care Act:  - People with pre-existing conditions are protected - More than 20 million Americans gained coverage - Nearly 12 million seniors have had their prescription drug costs reduced  Now more than ever, we have to protect and build on it. 
I spent the morning with the co-chairs of my COVID-19 Council discussing the status of this pandemic and how we move forward. Tune in as I provide an update on how we're going to beat this virus. 
We need a president who will bring us together — not tear us further apart. 
"If the administration had reacted to the ventilator shortage in February, a private sector effort starting now might have made lifesaving equipment in mid- to late April. Now it is unlikely to be before June."  Donald Trump's inaction will cost lives. 
36,878 — that’s how many Americans have died from gun violence so far this year. We cannot go on like this any longer. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.
No child’s future should be determined by their gender, race, zip code, parents' income, or disability. Full stop. In a Biden administration, we’ll make historic investments in our public schools to ensure every kid in America gets a fair shot. #StrongPublicSchools 
I took the Amtrak from Wilmington to Washington, D.C., every day for 36 years. The journey became routine, but the hardworking men and women I met along the way became dear friends. 
TJ: Stay strong  Me, Jill, and the whole Biden family are with you. Not just in spirit — for anything.  You have the right attitude. You are going to beat this and when you do, we are going to be there to celebrate.    Love you, and we're here with you. 
The President said it well: We have a plan to give everyone a fair shot. They don’t. –Joe
.@DrBiden and I join communities around the world in marking #HumanRightsDay. This day is a time of reflection and recommitment to the notion that all human beings are equal in dignity and rights. 
I couldn't be prouder of my friends @LadyGaga and Chris Martin of @Coldplay for organizing the @GlblCtzn One World: #TogetherAtHome broadcast. We are all in this fight together — and if we stand as one, we will defeat COVID-19. 
Check out photos, videos, and audio postcards from President Obama’s bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania: 
Each year on International Women’s Day, we reaffirm the straightforward truth that achieving the goal of full and equal rights for women is essential to the success of all our nations.  More on #IWD2019 here: 
If there are any angels in heaven, they are all male and female nurses. 
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I've spent my entire career fighting against discrimination and championing civil rights. I'm running for president to bring that fight to the Oval Office and give everyone a full share of the American dream. 
The idea of Donald Trump attacking anyone’s integrity is a joke.
Over the last year, six children have tragically died in US custody at the border. It’s unacceptable. It’s not who we are. And silence is complicity. It’s on all of us to stand up and speak out. America is a nation of immigrants. We must guarantee everyone's treated with dignity.
When we needed Donald Trump to tell the truth about COVID-19, he lied to us.  When we needed him to take action to contain its spread, he spent his days golfing.  When we needed a president the most, he was nowhere to be found.  It's unforgivable.
The words of a president matter — never more than in times of crisis. A president should seek to calm and heal, provide a steady hand, and a clear path forward.  Instead, this is what we get from Donald Trump: 
We’re going to do more than just beat President Trump — we’re going to beat him like a drum. 
As Jewish families across America and around the world prepare to observe the first night of Passover, Jill and I want to say chag sameach, and offer our very best wishes, to all who are celebrating. 
San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro knocked it out of the park at #DNC2012 last night. Take a look: 
"I believe that Americans have more in common than what divides us."   I couldn't agree more. What we need to do in both Alabama and Washington is to bring folks together. @DougJones knows that in his core. #DemConvention 
This crisis requires a decisive economic response. We need to do whatever it takes to deliver relief for our families and ensure the stability of our economy.
Under President Trump’s policies, a four-month-old was separated from his family at the border. It’s unconscionable and fundamentally at odds with everything our nation stands for.  America is better than this. 
President Trump's actions are an abuse of power. They undermine our national security. They violate the oath of office. If we allow a President to get away with shredding the United States Constitution — that will last forever.
America is a nation of immigrants. Each new generation that comes to our country makes us stronger. That became even truer yesterday when @luisanaperezf, part of our campaign team in Florida, became a U.S. citizen.  Thanks for choosing us, Luisana. 
VIDEO: VP Biden talks about the basic choice on Medicare between @BarackObama and Mitt Romney. 
The Obama administration’s sanctions against Iran are the most comprehensive that Iran has ever faced. 
Donald Trump has a dog whistle about as big as a foghorn.
This is a moment to summon the purpose we felt one year ago after El Paso. A moment to recommit to the battle for the soul of this nation. A battle against white supremacy, hatred, and gun violence.  It won't be easy — but it's a battle we must win.
My new initiative at the Biden Institute will identify strategies for building a future of quality jobs: 
We’re officially on the road for our eight-day #NoMalarkey Tour across Iowa! 
Donald Trump has no strategy for securing our nation against terrorist threats. He has no strategy for anything. Every day that he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States.
"We're going to keep our commitment to American veterans no matter what happens.”—VP Biden today: 
Time and time again, President Trump has refused to stand up to Putin. His silence on the poisoning of Mr. Navalny is just the latest example.  As president, I'll do what Trump won't: hold the Putin regime accountable for its crimes. 
I’m proud of my alma mater @UDelaware &amp; the student organizers of @UDance for their commitment to fighting childhood cancer.   Today, they are hosting a 12 hour dance marathon benefiting the @BePositiveFdn. Join me in supporting this worthy cause. 
We have a major problem with educational inequality and we need to tackle it head on. In a Biden Administration, we’ll triple Title I funding — creating a historic investment in schools serving a high proportion of children from low-income families. 
A resounding defeat tonight for President Trump. Voters around the country rejected the ugly politics we have seen this past year. Instead, they chose candidates who unite and inspire us.
Together, we're going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
Today and every day, @DrBiden and I are proud to stand with the trans community. We see you, we support you, and we will continue to do everything we can to ensure you are affirmed and accepted just as you are. #TransDayOfVisibility
As president, I’ll make it a priority to take action against polluters who knowingly harm our environment and poison our communities’ air, land, and water. Read my plan at 
Republicans in AL, FL, GA, and OH are ushering in laws that clearly violate Roe v Wade and they should be declared unconstitutional. Roe v Wade is settled law and should not be overturned. This choice should remain between a woman and her doctor.
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change — and time is running out to address it. If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet may never recover. 
"This is kind of a bittersweet moment." -VP Biden  Eight years ago: 
Ten candidates took the stage tonight. But there was only one candidate onstage who has defeated the NRA twice and passed an assault weapons ban. #DemDebate
Mr. President, this is America. We're stronger because of this diversity, not in spite of it. #DemDebate
We have to mobilize a 21st century care and early childhood education workforce to deal with the caregiving crisis in our nation. Today, I'm delivering remarks about how we're going to get it done. Tune in: 
RT to wish @DrBiden a very happy birthday! 
The VP is about to take the stage at #NN14. Watch the keynote here: 
Donald Trump can put up all of the banners he wants in the Rose Garden, but it doesn’t change the fact that he failed our nation when it comes to COVID-19 testing. 
“We rescued the automobile industry, saving a million jobs and creating 200,000 brand-new, good-paying jobs.”—VP Biden
We must get Donald Trump out of the White House. Once we do, we can:  - Combat climate change - Rebuild a more inclusive middle class - Protect and build on Obamacare - Ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful
Every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House puts the future of our planet at risk. We have to beat him this November and take immediate action to address the climate emergency. 
I was honored to visit Colombia this week to engage with the country’s current and future leaders.  I wish all of my friends in Colombia a future of prosperity and peace as they celebrate the 208th anniversary of their independence. 
Good luck to the @USWNT as they take on Chile!   As we cheer them on in the World Cup, we must support their fight off the field for equal pay. In 2019, it’s past time we close the pay gap and ensure women get paid as much as men. #OneNationOneTeam 
Only a little farther north, Timothy Ragland won his race to become both the youngest and first African American mayor of Talladega. I'm confident they will serve the people of Alabama well.
Jill and I were honored today to talk to some of the heroes on the front lines of this crisis. We’re thankful today and every day for the nurses and firefighters who sacrifice so much to keep our communities safe. We see the very best of America in your courage and selflessness. 
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. Volunteers raise their hands to help. Neighbors look out for neighbors. Businesses take care of their workers. That's who we are.  We can and will meet this challenge — together. 
Let me be clear: A Biden-Harris Administration won't increase taxes by a dime on anyone making less than $400,000 a year.
Donald Trump has failed to provide for our nurses and doctors on the frontlines. Now he’s short-changing our troops and their families. Unacceptable. 
Stopped by to say hello to @TeamJoe before this morning’s #NHDems2020 convention. Thank you for all your hard work! Keep it going! 
“We capped student loan repayments at 10 percent of your disposable income. It matters in what you’ll be able to do.”—VP Biden
That’s all we have for tonight’s #DemDebate—thanks for tuning in! Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to keep up-to-date with everything happening on our campaign.
America’s teachers have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources. That changes with a Biden Administration. We’ll finally support our educators with the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Joe Biden grounded his plan in the science — in what the world’s leading climatologists and the UN tells us we need to achieve. It provides a comprehensive path forward on how to address the most pressing issue of our time. 
This is a big moment for our campaign — and we could use your help to keep our momentum going. Chip in $5 to help us build the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump:  
The fight for civil rights is one of the things that got me engaged in politics. And when I was ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, we successfully extended the #VotingRightsAct for 25 years.
VP on Romney’s 47% comment: “Let’s take a look at the people who they think he has no responsibility toward, or who are dependent.”
Donald Trump is determined to instill fear and divide us, but what he doesn't understand is that fear never builds the future — hope does. 
Rebuilding the middle class and ensuring that this time everyone comes along starts with one word: unions. That’s why I look forward to signing the #PROAct as President. Congratulations to the House and labor movement for passing this landmark bill.
Obamacare covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions, and allows young adults to stay on their parents’ coverage until age 26.  We can’t afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on it.
We are building the movement that will beat Donald Trump.  Join us:  
The hard truth is that we can't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we have to build back better.  President @BarackObama and I discussed how we can do that, and much more: 
Joe Biden shepherded through the Brady Background bill in 1993 and bans on assault weapons and high capacity magazines in 1994.  As president, Joe will defeat the @NRA again. #DemDebate 
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic — and not only is Donald Trump preventing people from getting the health insurance they need, but he’s also actively trying to terminate the insurance millions already have.  It’s morally reprehensible.
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ equality, we're not done — not nearly.  We must stand up to President Trump's dangerous attacks on the rights of the LGBTQ community and continue to fight for full equality. 
Donald Trump just doesn't understand: We have an economic crisis because we have a public health crisis — and we have a public health crisis because he failed to act. 
As I shared in Pittsburgh today, there are three reasons I’m running for President - to restore the soul of our nation, rebuild its backbone - the middle class, and unify all Americans. If you stand with me, join our campaign: 
“They are running the most scurrilous ad in Ohio. One of the most flagrantly dishonest ads I can ever remember.”—VP on Romney-Ryan
Today’s the day! If you’re in a Super Tuesday state, head to  to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote. 
The least we can do for every grocery and retail worker working around the clock during this crisis is to provide a $15 minimum wage, paid sick leave, and strong workplace protections.
The big banks didn't need an additional $32 billion in savings, and their shareholders certainly didn't need an extra $21.5 billion in payouts.  It's time we ensure corporations pay their fair share and that our country rewards work — not wealth. 
- 180,000 lives lost - Nearly 6 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 - Over 25 million Americans out of work - Countless small businesses on the brink of closing  That's Donald Trump's America. We're living it every day. We can't take four more years.
Thirty years on, we still have work to do to realize the full aspiration of the Americans with Disabilities Act. We need to ensure that every American has the chance to live independently and free from discriminatory systems and practices. #ADA30 
We have to heal the divisions in this country. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot do. 
Dr. Biden rallied supporters around Pennsylvania yesterday: 
Institutional racism should no longer exist. As president, I'll put forward change to help put an end to it. 
Happy birthday, @TheEllenShow! Vice President Biden surprised her on the air. Watch: 
We have to restore the soul of this nation, build an inclusive middle class, and unite the country to get big things done. That all starts Monday night in Iowa. If you’re with me, let me know by committing to caucus today: 
From Arizona to Georgia to Wisconsin and beyond — we’re working hard to earn every last vote. 
“They’re making smart investments to raise standards for teaching and learning in our public schools.”—Dr. Biden on POTUS &amp; VPOTUS
Tune in as I deliver remarks on our economic recovery and how my administration plans to build back better in the long term. 
Our campaign’s contact tracing remains ongoing, and my team will continue to share any significant developments with the American people. If anything, let this serve as an example of the importance of wearing masks and keeping a safe, social distance.
John McCain was a good man, and a good friend. He made this country better. I miss him dearly. #DemConvention 
Happy #BestFriendsDay to my friend, @BarackObama. 
Great to be back in Iowa this week—thanks to old friends and new ones for the warm welcome. –Joe
Dr. Biden gets North Carolinians excited for early voting, which kicks off in just 3 days (cc @OFA_NC). 
We need a president who demonstrates the leadership to address every aspect of this pandemic  —  including the spate of racist incidents targeting Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders  —  with urgency and seriousness. Donald Trump is not that president. 
Mr. President, these comments are insulting and inexcusable—just like your previous dual loyalty insinuations. Stop dividing Americans and disparaging your fellow citizens. It may not be beneath you, but it is beneath the office you hold. 
Un número récord de latinos son elegibles para votar en esta elección, así que ve a votar para lograr que tu voz se escuche. No dejes que los demás decidan por ti.   
Folks, we’re just a few days away from our biggest end-of-month deadline yet and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation — big or small — makes a big difference.  Please chip in today: 
And to Bernie’s supporters: I know that I need to earn your votes. And I know that might take time. But I want you to know that I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of this moment. I hope you'll join us. You're more than welcome: You're needed.
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and hedge fund managers. It was built by you. The great American middle class. That’s the story of America and together we can rebuild the backbone of this nation.
When I launched my campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation — we’re seeing that soul on full display. Folks are reaching out to help one another and doing truly heroic things. It makes me so proud.
Folks, the I Will Vote concert is finally here. Tune in as an incredible lineup of stars comes together to get out the vote. 
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President — I've spent my career fighting against injustice. And I'm not finished yet. 
“Mr. President, it's too much.” 
Health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.
I have a message for the @NRA and gun manufacturers: If I am elected president, I am going to take you on and I will defeat you. 
Donald Trump is erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent. Every day that he directs our national security is a dangerous day for the United States. 
If you voted today, make sure your friends know it:  
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. Every day that he remains in office, he further threatens the future of our democracy.  We have to vote him out this November. 
We’re not just trying to beat Donald Trump. We’ve got to take back the Senate, keep the House of Representatives, and unite our party. 
I always enjoy attending the @PolkDems #SteakFry, but the energy that @TeamJoe brought this year made it my favorite one yet. Thank you for a great weekend, Iowa! 
The hard truth is that our economy wasn't working for folks long before this crisis. It's why we can't just go back to the way things were — we have to build back better.  Here's how we'll do it: 
I can't believe I have to say this, but if I'm elected president, I won't put a climate change denier — one who called the scientific community "a bunch of thugs" — in charge of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
.@KamalaHarris' story is America's story. 
The President and I are honored to accept the endorsement of the National Association of Police Organizations. –Joe
Every day that Donald Trump spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. He is wholly unfit to be president. 
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress — and we have that chance once again. We’re not just going to rebuild this nation — we’re going to transform it.   There is nothing we can’t do if we do it together. 
My mom always said, "Being Irish is about faith, family, and courage."  Today, we celebrate the strong role Irish-Americans have played in our communities, the strength of the U.S.-Ireland relationship, and the ongoing values shared by our two nations. Happy St. Patrick's Day! 
The people of California are on my mind as they suffer through these devastating wildfires. Amidst the loss, I’m inspired by the bravery &amp; commitment of our firefighters. Day after day going back into the flames, risking their lives to save others. Incredible bravery.
America is an idea that has grown stronger through the unique contributions of Hispanic communities. Where would we be without Justice Sonia Sotomayor, César Chávez, @HildaSolis, Dolores Huerta and others who have changed our world for the better? #HispanicHeritageMonth
.@realDonaldTrump, you know what’s actually threatening our suburbs?  Wildfires. Floods. Hurricanes.  We need to act on climate. Now.
Let me be clear: We can't leave this moment and once again turn away and do nothing.   We need justice. We need action. We need reform.
Trump deflects legitimate questions with attacks. He bullies members of the press, instead of taking responsibility for his failures. His efforts to undermine public confidence in the integrity of reporting violate our core values and threaten our very system of government.
Folks, a win in South Carolina would help us build momentum at just the right time. We're feeling good about our chances, but we need your help to pull it off. Please chip in what you can — every dollar makes a big difference: 
Success in a Biden-Harris Administration will not be measured just by the stock market or GDP growth, but by the extent to which growth is raising the pay, dignity, and economic security of our working families—especially those who have been left behind. 
The Trump Administration is abandoning the Haitian people while the country’s political crisis is paralyzing that nation. 
Share @BarackObama and VP Biden’s plan with anyone who needs a reminder before tomorrow: 
It is our moral responsibility to end gender-based violence. And as president, I will lead the global effort to end sexual violence. #16Days 
From day one, the goal of our campaign has been to unite the country — and in times of crisis, that goal is more important than ever. If we come together and all do our part, we will overcome this. I promise.
COVID-19 can affect anyone, anywhere — but it doesn't impact every community equally. Watch as Dr. Ebony Jade Hilton explains how it’s impacting communities of color: 
Here's the deal, President Trump inherited the economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else he's been given in his life, he's in the process of squandering it. 
Let’s be clear — the effects of climate change are devastating. We need to take action.   As president, I’ll not only address this grave threat— I’ll lead the rest of the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at  
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are.   We choose hope over fear. Unity over division. Science over fiction. And truth over lies.   #NHDems2020 
Today is Election Day in Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, Virginia, and cities across the nation. Your vote matters — find your polling place, bring a friend, and head to the polls to make your voice heard: 
Free and fair elections are at the heart of liberal democracy. That’s why I’ve joined @AndersFoghr and Michael Chertoff to launch the Transatlantic Commission for Election Integrity—to fight back against Russia and those who would meddle in our elections. 
The Trump Administration’s Title X rule is a direct attack on Planned Parenthood and the crucial services the organization provides. Access to health care could be taken away from millions of women. It’s wrong, and as president I will reverse it. 
As president, I will do everything in my power to stop America’s gun violence epidemic by passing common-sense gun reform. Lives depend on it. 
Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day. 
Gracias por su apoyo, Mayor @EricGarcetti. Estoy orgulloso de caminar junto a los bomberos, los Angelenos, y los Americanos. Y hoy, me siento orgulloso de caminar junto a ti. Vamos. 
Folks credit me for speaking out on marriage equality in 2012 — but I'm not the one who took a real risk. Countless others did the hard work and paid a price just for being themselves. Christian Cooper and I discussed the trailblazers who came before us and the work that remains: 
75 years ago, far from home, on those bloody beachheads of Normandy, thousands of brave young Americans risked everything to prove that freedom, justice, and democracy would never bend before the forces of fascism and intolerance.
This is a moment to look out for our neighbors, care for the elderly, and thank the workers on the front lines of this fight. This is a moment to believe in one another.  When we do that, when we see the best in each of us, we’ll lift this nation up and get through this together.
Too many people are incarcerated in the US – and many don’t have resources to successfully rejoin society after serving their time.  That’s why I’m releasing my plan to reduce our prison population, create a more just society, &amp; make our communities safer.  
Every moment with your loved ones is precious. I know that in my core because I’ve learned it through loss. It's why as president, I'm going to do everything I can to get this virus under control and get our lives back to normal as soon as we can. 
Who we are. What we believe. Who we want to be. It’s all at stake tomorrow.  Vote. 
En el Día de la Virgen de las Mercedes, acompaño en solidaridad a todos los defensores de derechos humanos de Cuba, Nicaragua y Venezuela, y rezo por la liberación de todos los presos políticos.
Make no mistake, this is a modern-day poll tax that overturns the will of Florida voters. It’s unacceptable.   We must ensure everyone — including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — has the right to make their voices heard at the ballot box. 
Michael Cohen Michael Flynn Rick Gates Paul Manafort George Papadopoulos Roger Stone  Donald Trump has surrounded himself with people who flout our laws — we shouldn’t be surprised that he thinks he is above the law. We deserve better as a country. 
See the impact on your state if Congress fails to extend middle-class tax cuts:  #My2K
From the Voting Rights Act renewal, to the ban on assault weapons, to the Violence Against Women Act, to Obamacare, to the Recovery Act that kept us from sliding into a Depression, I’ve delivered progress for you.  I know what it takes to get it done.
Tonight, I'll be joining @chefjoseandres for a virtual town hall to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on food security and the restaurant industry — and what our government should be doing to ensure no one in America goes hungry.  Watch live at 7 PM ET: 
25 years ago, California approved Prop. 187 — a measure designed to strategically disenfranchise immigrant communities by stripping away access to health care and education.
Hurricane Dorian devastated the Bahamas, leaving nearly 70,000 people homeless. It’s our moral responsibility to do everything we can to help Bahamians — not turn them away.  This isn’t who we are. 
There's a clear choice this November:  Donald Trump will do everything he can to terminate health care for millions in a global pandemic.  I will do everything I can to ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable care they need. 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, let us pause and reflect on the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime.  The events of the last few months remind us that it’s not enough to just say never again—we must speak up and act against hate.
In 1994, then-Sen. Biden wrote a letter to an 8th grader—and changed his life. Check it out: 
My liberty, depends on yours. Our liberty as a nation rests on our ability to ensure equal access and equal opportunity — not just for our own children, but all our children.
While this team has unmatched experience and accomplishments, they also reflect the idea that we cannot meet the challenges we face with old thinking or unchanged habits. 
Small businesses are the backbone of communities across the country — and amid the pandemic, they need our help more than ever. Today, and every day, support your neighbors and strengthen your community by shopping small. #SmallBusinessSaturday 
To celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting our first #SOULSaturday this weekend. Folks across the nation will be taking time to check-in on neighbors and thank those on the front lines of this fight.  I hope you'll join us:  
While I am grateful for the people who got their jobs back, my heart goes out to the more than 16 million Americans still out of work. The truth is it didn't have to be this bad, but Donald Trump failed to act. He's the one person who should lose his job. 
Climate change is an existential threat. We have to take urgent, drastic action now to address the climate emergency. On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on and rally the world to raise our ambitions. 
No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did, you have America's unending gratitude and admiration. Thank you. #PurpleHeartDay
Faith is what has gotten me through difficult times in my life. It provides hope, purpose, and strength. And it is what gives me the reason to believe that our nation's best days still lie ahead. 
If you like your private health insurance plan, you shouldn’t be forced to give it up. If you don't like it, you should be able to buy into a Medicare-like public option.  That's the choice I will give Americans as president. 
The hard truth is it didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump's shortsighted actions weakened our ability to respond to a pandemic long before COVID-19 reached our shores. 
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, &amp; fairness—but has failed to live up to that promise for all people. In 2019, the unemployment rate for black people is almost twice that of white people. Children born poor are twice as likely to stay poor if they’re black.
It's time for big dreams and #AmericanPossibilities. If you're ready to elect folks who agree, say you're in:  
Social norms are changing. I understand that, and I’ve heard what these women are saying. Politics to me has always been about making connections, but I will be more mindful about respecting personal space in the future. That’s my responsibility and I will meet it. 
I promised George Floyd's family that he wouldn’t just become another hashtag — and I intend to keep that promise.   We need justice. And we need real police reform to ensure this never occurs again.
I will be in Phoenix tomorrow to pay tribute to my friend John. If you are in town and would like to honor his legacy of service, please come out to the route to say one last farewell. 
Prayers are not enough to end these senseless mass shootings. This violence is not normal. As a country, we have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop the gun violence epidemic.
If we’re elected, @KamalaHarris and I will wake up every single morning to fight for the middle class. For Main Street. For the folks who keep our country running.  We’re going to make our government work for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
Let’s use this opportunity to make bold investments in American industry and innovation so the future is made in America — and in all of America.   
Agree 100% with the President: We can’t afford to jeopardize our future by repeating the mistakes of the past. –Joe
To everyone speaking out and peacefully demanding justice across the nation: I see you, I hear you, and I stand with you. 
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. There's nothing we can't do if we do it together.
Let me be clear: Donald Trump knew about the threat the coronavirus posed and failed to act. It’s one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history. 
“This President is leveling the playing field—getting the middle class back in the game. He knows how to build America from the middle out.”
Photo of the day: VP Biden dancing with his daughter Ashley at her wedding on Saturday. 
The extraordinary bravery shown by hundreds of thousands in Hong Kong, marching for the civil liberties &amp; autonomy promised by China is inspiring. And the world is watching. All of us must stand in support of democratic principles and freedom.
VP: “All of a sudden, Paul Ryan, the budget hawk—the guy who introduced a budget plan that already passed—he doesn’t remember it.” #Romnesia
"Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people." - Vice President Biden. WATCH:  #OpportunityForAll
This can’t just be a campaign to beat Donald Trump. This has to be a movement grounded in the values and ideals that define our nation best: honesty, decency, treating everyone with dignity and respect, and giving hate no safe harbor.  That’s who we are as Americans.
Looking forward to joining @AndersonCooper at tonight’s #EqualityTownHall to discuss the work that remains in the fight for LGBTQ rights. Tune in to CNN at 8PM ET to watch live.
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus. Chip in what you can to help us restore the soul of our nation:  
Any final bill that looks anything like their proposals so far would be devastating.
We simply cannot accept that the number of uninsured Americans is growing. We need to defend the Affordable Care Act and build upon the progress we made to ensure every American has access to high quality, affordable health care. 
This Saturday, our campaign will be hosting a nationwide Day of Action. Supporters across the country will be coming together, organizing communities, and talking with voters about what’s at stake in this election. Join us:  
.@JLo and @AROD –– Jill and I are deeply grateful to have your support.  Thank you for stepping up and speaking out. As Jennifer said: The Latino community has the power to determine the outcome of this election.   Vote:  
Two years ago, we lost a genuine American hero, and to me, a true friend. John McCain never stopped pushing me and our nation to be better. I miss him dearly. 
I believe there’s not a single thing we can’t do if we do it together. Chip in to help us build the movement that will beat Donald Trump and put me and @KamalaHarris in the White House. 
After our video chat a few months ago, I got to welcome @shaffer_cierra to DC this week for @USMC Sunset Parade. She battled against cancer’s odds and her resilience reminds us all that hope against this disease is real. #cancerFIERCE 
Back when Kamala was Attorney General, she worked closely with Beau. I watched as they took on the big banks, lifted up working people, and protected women and kids from abuse. I was proud then, and I'm proud now to have her as my partner in this campaign.
Seven years ago, Hurricane Sandy devastated the East Coast. As we remember those we lost, we must renew our commitment to addressing climate change. Extreme storms will only become more frequent and powerful if we don’t take urgent action to tackle this crisis. 
Joe Tydings and I were both inspired by JFK &amp; RFK and their call to service. In the Senate, he lived up to their example with an ironclad commitment to fight the abuse of power and work to ensure that every American gets a fair shot. Joe made America better—he will be missed.
The President turned his back on you. 
For too many people across the country, normal has become a living nightmare. We can’t go on like this any longer. We have to end our gun violence epidemic. 
“We see an America where we maintain our sacred obligation of keeping faith with veterans—not cutting their benefits.”—VP Biden
The presidency is a big job. Nobody will get everything right. I won’t either.  But I promise you this: I won’t traffic in fear and division or fan the flames of hate. I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued this country — not use them for political gain. 
America is an idea — stronger than any army, more powerful than any dictator. It gives hope to the most desperate people on Earth. Instills in us the belief that no matter where you start in life, there's nothing you can't achieve.  That's worth celebrating. Happy #FourthofJuly
We fall into the same pattern every time: a senseless act of violence occurs, politicians offer “thoughts and prayers,” and calls for reform fade away until the next tragedy inevitably occurs.  I’m sick and tired of saying “enough is enough.” We can’t go on like this any longer.
These policies aren’t just the right thing to do — they’re also the smart thing to do for the future of our country. 
Congratulations @TomPerez - You will help ensure our party continues to fight for economic fairness and for all to be treated with dignity.
Our teachers aren’t just educators — they’re coaches. They’re giving our children the confidence they need to grow, just like they did when I was a kid. If we want to invest in the future of America, it starts with supporting our teachers. 
We will never forget what the conviction and mettle of those young patriots achieved—for all of us.
To build our nation back better than before, we have to advance racial equity across the American economy. I’m in Charlotte, North Carolina, with @CP3 to discuss how we’ll get it done. Tune in. 
Estamos enfrentando una emergencia climática y debemos tomar medidas drásticas ya. Por eso, hoy, estoy anunciando mi plan para una Revolución de Energía Limpia y Justicia Ambiental. 
Mr. President, the American people didn’t make enormous sacrifices over the past four months so you could waste your time with late night rants and tweets.  Step up. Take responsibility. Do your job.
COVID-19 can hit anyone, anywhere — but it doesn’t affect every community equally. This afternoon, join Senator @KamalaHarris and @SymoneDSanders for a discussion on its disproportionate impact on communities of color.  Tune in at 3:30 PM ET:  
It is cruel and abhorrent to strip migrant children of the few protections they have. It's not enough this administration puts children in cages without soap and beds, now it wants to keep them there indefinitely. This isn't who we are. 
Today is a reminder to every girl on the planet: nothing is beyond your capacity or capability. And all of us must work to ensure that girls around the world have the chance to participate fully in society and that their rights are respected. #DayoftheGirl
The goal of the Census is clear: count every person. But Donald Trump continues to use this vital process to sow division and scare immigrant communities.  We won't let him deny communities the funding and representation they deserve. Because in America, everyone counts. 
Sending prayers to all who lost loved ones in the devastating earthquake. We are seeing the resilience and heart of the Mexican people.
Folks, starting today, I'm trying something new.  I'll be writing notes to you about my plans to build our country back better. And I'll be sharing personal stories and behind-the-scenes moments from the campaign trail, too.  I hope you'll follow along. 
Our cash bail system disproportionately harms low-income folks and criminalizes poverty. It’s wrong.   It’s time we end cash bail and reform our pretrial system by instead putting in place a system that is fair and does not inject further discrimination or bias into the process. 
What will Donald Trump say this evening when he speaks to the nation at an event designed more to stroke his ego than celebrate American ideals? Will he speak to the example America must set to inspire the world?
I'm blown away by the grassroots energy we've seen from Pete, Amy, and Beto supporters. Tuesday wouldn't have happened without all of you. It's going to take all of us to beat Donald Trump and I'd love to have you on our team:  
This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. We need to ensure every single eligible American can safely make their voice heard this November. 
Every loss is different, but I've found that the way you can overcome enormous tragedy in your life is by finding purpose in your life. 
The President incites violence, inspires white-supremacist shooters, and his failed COVID response is costing thousands of lives per day. When you look at the world right now, ask yourself: Do you feel safe in Trump’s America? 
Cancer patients and their families deserve a system that puts saving lives above every other thing. With your help, we can make this happen. We can make hope real. We need you to stand up and join us in this effort. Answer the @bidencancer call to action: 
Fired up, ready to go for VP Biden in Greeley, CO yesterday! 
Health care is personal to me. Deeply personal. And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own family’s. 
Mr. President, this isn’t about you, it’s about the health of the American people. Stop making everything personal.  You are the president of all 50 states — not just the ones that voted for you or that have governors who “treat you right.” It’s time you acted like it. 
Brayden — When I was growing up, my mom always told me that bravery resides in every heart and that someday it will be summoned. Well, you summoned yours last night and showed the whole world that your stutter doesn't define you. I couldn't be prouder. 
It didn’t have to be this bad. Donald Trump utterly failed to prepare for this pandemic and delayed in taking the necessary steps to safeguard our nation against the near-worst-case-economic scenario we are now living. 
Tune in as my campaign manager @jomalleydillon and campaign adviser Bob Bauer discuss what to expect on Election Night. 
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the experts and refused to take action. He has failed our nation. 
So let's do this. Get out there and vote today. Here's an easy place to confirm where you can vote, check voting hours, and find out if you need to bring anything with you. It's time. 
Nevada — today is the last day to register to vote online to automatically receive a ballot in the mail. Head to  for all the information you need to make your voice heard.
Throughout our history, we have emerged from every crisis stronger than before — and we will again.
Donald Trump's instinct to constantly add fuel to the fire is the last thing our country needs right now.  We need leadership that will calm the waters and lower the temperature. 
Last night, I went toe-to-toe with Donald Trump and laid out my vision for a stronger, more inclusive America. Check out a few of the top moments from the first debate: 
One summer. 26 mass shootings. Countless lives cut short.  We cannot go on like this. It’s past time we take on the @NRA, pass common-sense gun safety legislation, and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for coronavirus testing or treatment.
VP Biden: “To the extent Governor Romney has shown any foreign policy vision, it is through the glass of a rearview mirror.”
When 100,000 Americans died because of his incompetent leadership, this president golfed.  When Americans peacefully protested outside the White House, this president tear-gassed them for a photo-op.  Donald Trump was elected to serve us all — but he only looks out for himself.
Stay in line, folks.
The power to change this country is in your hands.  Vote:  
POTUS: “If you say you’re for the coal industry but stood in front of a coal plant and said ‘this will kill you,’ you may have #Romnesia.”
We need to stand up as a nation — with the Black community and with all minority communities — and come together as one America. Because the pain is too immense for one community to bear alone.   It is the duty of every American to grapple with it — and grapple with it now.
Our president put personal politics above his sacred oath. The House must do its job and hold Donald Trump to account for his abuse of power. I will do mine, making my case for a presidency that will mean real help for those in our country who need it most. 
Now is not the time to divide the party and tear down fellow Democrats. Now is the time to come together to defeat Donald Trump. 
I can promise you that no one will work harder to earn the support of every Amtrak employee. 
The United States should be leading on this issue. Improving transparency is one essential step to ending the pay gap between men and women. 
Whether you live in Maine or California — or any Super Tuesday state in between — I’m asking for your vote today. Together, we can beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path.  Head to  to confirm your polling location and get out and vote! 
Obamacare prohibits insurers from denying coverage for the 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.  President Trump wants to gut the ACA and tear that protection away. We can’t forget that.
It's been a big few weeks. President Obama, Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders, Senator Warren, and Speaker Pelosi all endorsed our campaign. Now, we need your help to keep the momentum going.  I know times are tough, but if you can, please chip in today: 
Congratulations to the UN World Food Program. With global hunger on the march, made worse by the pandemic and conflict around the world, we must come together to fight food insecurity. As president, I'll support the WFP and reassert American leadership to address global hunger. 
The truth is asking for money is the worst part of running for president—especially in times as tough as these. But we’re coming up on our end of month fundraising deadline, and I need your help to ensure we hit our goal.  If you can, please chip in today: 
The GOP's "health" plan would gut care &amp; treatment for opioid addiction. Call your senators—the time to act is now. 
It’s time we restore the great American middle class — and this time, make sure everyone has a chance to come along. That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land. 
Donald Trump says he’s a wartime president — it’s time for him to act like one.
Deputy Campaign Manager @stefcutter fact-checks Mitt Romney’s Medicare claims: 
I know these are confusing and scary times, so for the first episode of our new podcast I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, to help provide some clarity around COVID-19.  Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
I'm in Wilmington, Delaware, to unveil the fourth plank of my Build Back Better plan. Tune in as I discuss what my administration will do to advance racial equity in our economy: 
Melanie, thank you for sharing your story and for the sacrifices you've made to keep us all safe. They are not in vain.  On Tuesday, we need to vote out Donald Trump and treat the climate crisis like the existential threat it is. 
RT @BarackObama: See how President Obama’s health care law helps you and your family:   #ACA
VP: “Jeep isn’t cutting jobs, they're adding jobs. PolitiFact—the fact-checkers they don't look at—they called the ad ‘wholly inaccurate.’”
This is a crisis. We’re at war with a virus.   No one should have to pay for coronavirus health care costs. #DemDebate
Masks matter. They save lives.
I've said it before and I'll say it again. To speak to the middle class, we need to reject the super PAC system. That's exactly what this campaign is doing.  
I promise you that if I’m elected president, I’ll never forget what the job is about. It’s about you — the American people. 
Donald Trump is cutting food assistance for 700,000 people, but somehow found $1.4 billion for his sham of a border wall. This administration is morally bankrupt. 
Here’s the deal: health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from  access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.  Read my full plan at 
It didn’t have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump failed to take action, and it cost American lives. 
La fuerza de los Estados Unidos está y siempre ha estado arraigada en nuestra diversidad. Los inmigrantes siempre nos han hecho más fuertes. Donald Trump no entiende eso.
American voters, the President was right. The only way to break the stalemate in Washington is you. –Joe
A favorite Joe photo: 
82 days. 
We can protect our interests in Afghanistan, including the possibility of a terrorist threat re-emerging, without a large troop presence. That is what Joe Biden will do as president. 
Connect with the campaign on Facebook and get a free Obama-Biden car magnet! 
What we need in America is leadership that seeks to de-escalate tensions, to open lines of communication, and to bring us together. To heal — and to hope.  As president, that is precisely what I will do.
From ballot shortages and issues with machines to hours-long lines — what happened today in Georgia should enrage us all. We need to act now to prevent it from happening again in November. Our democracy depends on it. 
See how middle-class families in your state would fare under Mitt Romney’s tax plan: 
Doug Jones. Thank you, Alabama. You’ve elected a man of incredible integrity, grit, and character. A fighter for working class and middle class Alabamians. He is going to make you proud in the Senate.
Listening to scientists is not a bad thing.  I can’t believe that has to be said.
Let’s lay out the facts: More Americans prefer a public option over Medicare for All. #DemDebate 
A car accident took the lives of my first wife and baby daughter. My family was fortunate to have health insurance, but that's not the case for many.   This is why I fight. I believe deeply that health care is a right for all—not a privilege for the few. 
“We have fundamentally different views on how to move this country forward, and a fundamentally different value set.”—VP on Romney-Ryan
Dr. Biden on POTUS and VPOTUS: “They doubled funding for Pell Grants and fought to make sure that student loan interest rates didn’t go up.”
VP Biden stands up for the 47% of Americans who Romney wrote off this week: 
Being a Democrat has always meant buckling down and getting it done for working people. 
Trump and Pence are running on this: “You won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America.”  And what’s their proof?  The violence you’re seeing in Donald Trump’s America.
Four more years: 
Had to pull the team over for a quick ice cream stop! This time we’re at Annabelle’s Ice Cream in Portsmouth, NH. 
Ignore the polls, folks. There’s too much at stake for us to get complacent.  Vote:  Donate:  Volunteer:   Let’s finish these final four weeks strong. 
I’m trying to get my miles in before the Secret Service stops me. 
It’s simple: companies should have to compete for workers just like they compete for customers. We should get rid of non-compete clauses and no-poaching agreements that do nothing but suppress wages. 
Joe: "We're not only fighting to keep jobs in this country, we're fighting to bring jobs back to this country." 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose science over fiction.
Once we get Donald Trump out of the White House, we have an enormous opportunity to build the future this nation deserves. A future where every American has access to affordable health care, where we end our gun violence epidemic, and where we tackle the climate crisis head-on.
The 1994 Crime Bill included:   -The ground-breaking Violence Against Women Act -Bans on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines -Funding for drug courts and prevention  #DemDebate
Once again, President Trump has folded to the @NRA and broken his promise to pursue the most modest of gun safety policies.  I give you my word as a Biden: I won’t rest until we pass universal background checks and ban assault weapons. We will end our gun violence epidemic. 
Beginning on January 20th, Vice President-elect Harris and I are going to do everything in our power to ease the burden of health care on you and your families.
"Nothing about VAWA was easy or uncontroversial. It took four years from when I first introduced the bill in 1990 until it passed."  Read my full op-ed on the 25th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act: 
Our president should be able to meet a simple test: understanding that Puerto Ricans are American citizens, and that they are entitled to—and deserve—the same support from the United States government as every citizen.  Donald Trump has failed that test.  
We're facing a crisis unlike any we've faced before — and I couldn't be prouder of how the American people are responding. 
"This man is totally, thoroughly... unprepared and unqualified to be the Commander-in-Chief of the United States of America." —VP on Trump
Like so many other Americans, Marcy prefers to keep her private insurance while recognizing that a public health insurance option is necessary for some of her friends and family. 
Dick Lugar was among the most decent men I have ever known. Kind, loyal, dedicated beyond measure to the service of the American people. Dick Lugar was my dear friend.   Jill and I send our condolences to his wife Charlene and the entire Lugar family.
With casualties rapidly mounting in and around Nagorno-Karabakh, the Trump Administration needs to call the leaders of Armenia and Azerbaijan immediately to de-escalate the situation. It must also demand others — like Turkey — stay out of this conflict. 
The truth is, there's not a lot of people whose opinion I valued more than Beau's. When I was deciding who to pick as my running mate, I thought a lot about his friendship with @KamalaHarris and the respect he had for her.  I know he'd be proud of my choice. 
While the Trump Administration continues their efforts to rip health care away from millions, I'm speaking about how we can make quality, affordable health care available to every American.  Tune in: 
Join Iowa's #Women2012 leaders call with Dr. Jill Biden tonight to discuss what’s at stake this November: 
Under Donald Trump:  - Job growth has slowed - Manufacturing is worse off - Income inequality is higher than ever  He is squandering the growing Obama-Biden economy that he inherited — just like he has squandered everything else that he has inherited in his life.
His leadership on the House Intelligence Committee and his influential voice pushing the Trump Administration to secure our elections have helped make clear the stakes for our country in next year's election.
Hoy, al honrar la vida y el legado del activista César Chávez, también agradecemos a los más de 2 millones de trabajadores agrícolas que están en primera línea, trabajando para mantener a los estadounidenses alimentados y sanos durante esta pandemia. 
In the last 5 years, @StopandShop's parent company has bought back billions of dollars in stock. Now they want to cut employee wages &amp; benefits. This is wrong. I stand with the 31,000 @UFCW workers fighting for their healthcare. Join me and support them: 
Wrapped up our day at Limestone College. I enjoyed hearing from students about the need to reform our criminal justice system and get assault weapons off our streets. I know with these young folks at the helm, America's best days still lie ahead. 
We need a comprehensive response to the coronavirus outbreak. My plan mounts a decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief.   
The life of my love — the love of my life — the person who put our family back together. I love you, Jilly! @DrBiden
If I were president today, I would not be taking China's word when it comes to the coronavirus. American scientists and health experts should be allowed in the country to determine how the virus started and to help contain its spread. 
“I’m a full-time teacher and, like most teachers, teaching isn’t just what I do—it’s who I am.”—Dr. Biden in Minnesota
VP Biden is on his last stop of the day in Ohio. Watch him speak live from UAW Local 1005 right now: 
The First Selfie.  
The contrast tonight couldn't be clearer:  We can choose four more years of fear, division, and hate.  Or we can choose a different path — one of hope, unity, and light.  Let's overcome this era of darkness, together: 
It’s voting season, folks. Watch as @StaceyAbrams breaks down the importance of your vote — and then head to  to make your voice heard today. 
Grabbing a bite in Muscatine, Iowa: 
Now, we need to finish the job and make health care a right for all, not a privilege for the few.  #DemDebate 
Enough with the racist dog whistles, Donald. You wouldn’t know a suburb unless you took a wrong turn. 
Celebrating the workers who built this country. #MayDay 
As I told folks in Croydon, New Hampshire, we’ve got to unite this country. Because if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, I’ll spend my Monday mornings working with our nation’s top experts to control this virus — not insulting them on Twitter. 
Today the President shared a video of people shouting “white power” and said they were “great.” Just like he did after Charlottesville.   We’re in a battle for the soul of the nation — and the President has picked a side. But make no mistake: it’s a battle we will win.
Start getting fired up: Check out the speech the VP gave to @UAW autoworkers in Toledo this March.  #MadeInOhio
A Biden administration will place the United States back at the head of the table to mobilize global action on global threats—especially those unique to our century. 
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and Hedge Fund Managers. It was built by you — the great American middle class. I’m thankful for all the support this week from union membership and their families, including the IAFF. 
Donald Trump left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime — and now we're paying the price. 
The science is clear, and deadly signs like the fires out West are unmistakable — climate change poses an existential threat to our way of life.  We must act now to avoid a future defined by tragedies like the one American families are enduring today. 
Out of every crisis, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again. We will not be defeated. 
The choice we make this November will decide the future of America.  I have no doubt @KamalaHarris is the right partner to join me to lead our nation through this moment. 
Tonight, by voting in Democratic majorities in both chambers of the General Assembly, Virginians sent a clear, powerful message that will resonate across this nation and shake the walls of the White House. 
Tomorrow, we’re heading to Clinton, Iowa, and hope to see you there! RSVP at  and spread the word to family and friends.
I’m about to take the debate stage. The large, diverse Democratic field is evidence of our party's strength. And above all, we all agree that we need to make Donald Trump a one-term president. #DemDebate
I believe that this is part of the mandate from the American people. They want us to cooperate.  That’s the choice I’ll make. And I call on the Congress — Democrats and Republicans alike — to make that choice with me.
"In the United States Senate, I passed more major legislation than everybody on this stage combined." #DemDebate 
It’s Barack’s last campaign—chip in what you can before tonight’s important fundraising deadline: 
On Saturday, Jill and I visited Columbia, South Carolina, to discuss how we’ll build an inclusive middle class where everyone — regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion or disability — comes along. Thank you to everyone who joined us, we’ll be back soon! 
Across the country, folks like Ryan are doing the crucial work of organizing their communities and talking with neighbors about what’s at stake in this election. I’m so proud to have him on our team.   Sign up to get involved in your community:  
I couldn't be more proud to have the International Association of Fire Fighters on my team. Unions built the middle class in this country—and as President, I'll fight to strengthen them and grow the backbone of this country. 
First thing I will do as president is rejoin the Paris Climate Accord and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. #LJ19 
The United States must keep our commitments when we make them, otherwise we have no power to lead the world. The only way to not become the police of the world is to have allies that will join us in dealing with failed states and terrorism. #DemDebate
More than 50 million Americans have already voted. We are making history.  Join us: 
One year ago, the Supreme Court struck down a vital component of the #VRA. Stand up for every citizen's #VotingRights 
To all the members of our military and our military families, especially those who have lost their service member, thank you. We owe you. We can never lessen the magnitude of your loss, but this I can promise you: we will never forget. #MemorialDay 
“The American people are so much better—so much stronger—take so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.”—VP in IA
From day one, Donald Trump has been focused on the stock market and delivering for his wealthy friends and big corporations.  As president, I will be laser-focused on working families and small businesses. 
The black agenda is America’s agenda. This morning, I discussed my plans for communities of color on the @TJMShow.  
This was almost two months ago.   Since then? Tens of thousands more lives lost. A million and a half new cases.  The President? Still golfing. 
The same forces of hatred rooted in 'birtherism' that questioned @BarackObama's American citizenship, and even his racial identity, are now being used against Senator @KamalaHarris. It’s disgusting and we have to call it out when we see it. Racism has no place in America.
With Donald Trump out of the way, there’s no limit to what America can achieve.
Supreme Court decisions affect our everyday lives, and the Constitution was designed to give voters a voice on who makes those decisions.  The Senate shouldn't act until after the American people select their next president and the next Congress.  Americans deserve to be heard.
Yesterday, @realDonaldTrump decided to attack Dr. Fauci once again, calling him a ‘disaster’ and public health experts ‘idiots.’ Meanwhile, he still has no plan to beat this virus.
Sorry America, the correct answer is Snickers. 
Let’s make history, @KamalaHarris. 
Just had the chance to see President Trump's golf swing tweet. Enough. This has to stop. Our children are watching.
I don't care who you're supporting, attacks like this against a man who could be the first Jewish President are disgusting and beyond the pale. Hatred and bigotry have no place in America — and it's up to all of us to root out these evils wherever they're found. 
We have a president who believes he is above the law and that there is no limit to his power.  He is wrong. We cannot let him get away with this.  Chip in to help us beat him like a drum:  
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. When I was a senator, I took on the @NRA and secured a 10-year ban on assault weapons — and as president, I’ll ban these weapons again. 
More great pics from the VP’s campaign trip through Ohio and Pennsylvania: 
Dr. Jill Biden announced a new way to honor our nation’s servicemembers earlier this month: 
Our U.S. Postal Service workers are at the front lines of this crisis. Millions of people are relying on them for things like medicine and other essentials.  And the President is trying to let them fail. Congress should do everything it can to prevent this. 
64 years ago today, Rosa Parks' courageous act forever changed our country and the course of history. We must continue to follow her brave example and speak out against injustice, wherever it is found.
Tune in as @KamalaHarris discusses President Trump’s failure to lead on COVID-19 and what a Biden-Harris administration will do differently: 
I want to congratulate @judgekarofsky on her hard-earned victory tonight. In the face of rampant voter suppression and GOP recklessness, the people of Wisconsin showed up and made their choice clear. I know Wisconsin will be a fairer, more just state with Jill on the court. 
Best wishes for a happy and safe Thanksgiving. 
If these reports are true, then there is truly no bottom to President Trump’s willingness to abuse his power and abase our country. 
Nothing about the fights we're facing will be easy. Racism has been a fixture in our society for hundreds of years.    But I’m ready to get to work on day one. We can’t accept anything less from an American president.
Building a more inclusive middle class is at the heart of this presidential campaign. That's why I support @Culinary226 and the Station Casino workers who voted to unionize. The will of the workers must be respected and management has to come to the negotiating table immediately.
We need a president who will expand access to health care — not one who does everything he can to tear it away.
220,000 deaths.  If you hear nothing else I say tonight, hear this: Anyone who is responsible for that many deaths should not remain President of the United States.
Let me be clear: My Administration will review every single stimulus loan given to big companies and political insiders. We will find any dollar taken corruptly, we will come get it, and we will punish the wrongdoers. 
As we celebrate the Independence Day of Costa Rica, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras and Nicaragua, we must affirm the democratic aspirations and human rights of people across Latin America.  I'll always fight for democracy and for those who come to America seeking a better life.
Not a joke, #TeamJoe is strong in Iowa. #SteakFry 
I know if we come together and stand united as a nation - anything is possible. 
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck.  It's about dignity. It's about respect. It's about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything will be okay.  Too many people today can't do that — and it's got to change.
The administration should extend the deadline, plain and simple.  This is personal to me. We can’t let Trump sabotage Obamacare — and prevent thousands of people from getting care.  If you can't access  and want to #GetCovered, call (800) 318-2596. 
Like all bullies, President Trump is trying to make himself seem stronger by picking on the most vulnerable among us — but I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer were off-limits.   He is morally unfit to lead this country. 
It is long past time we made the promise of this nation real for all of our people.
Five years ago, Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson. His death stirred the conscience of our nation and awakened a generation of activists. We must ensure justice rings out for all in America — regardless of skin color.
Romney and Ryan have been spreading misinformation about Medicare. Get the facts from VP Biden: 
What happened today to @JussieSmollett must never be tolerated in this country. We must stand up and demand that we no longer give this hate safe harbor; that homophobia and racism have no place on our streets or in our hearts. We are with you, Jussie. 
From day one, a Biden administration will be focused on rebuilding the backbone of our country — the middle class. And this time, we’ll make sure everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
With COVID-19 surging across the nation, Donald Trump should be doing everything in his power to increase access to testing. Instead, he's doing the opposite. It's despicable.
We won’t defeat this President by being like him. We’ll win by doing the opposite. Where he seeks to divide us, we’ll connect people. Where he shows cruelty, we’ll show compassion. And when he fights, we’ll fight harder. But we can’t do it without you.
There is no excuse for President Trump’s reckless behavior. 
VP Biden shared his personal reasons for supporting a strong education system at the NEA’s annual assembly: 
I know we can beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better — but we need your help to do it. That's why we're launching our new Grassroots Fundraising Team.  Sign up and help us win this November. 
Take a look at the Romney-Ryan budget plan to see what they value (and what they don’t): 
As president, I’ll invest in our K-12 schools to eliminate the funding gap between majority white and non-white districts, and rich and poor districts. No child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, or race. 
I am proud to have the @NRDC_AF, under the exceptional leadership of my friend Gina McCarthy, by my side. Together, we'll lead the world in a clean energy revolution that will help us reduce our carbon emissions and create good-paying union jobs. 
I want Donald Trump to look these folks in the eye and explain to them why they or their loved ones haven’t been able to get tested for COVID-19. We’ve got to do better. 
We need to dramatically accelerate our worldwide effort to meet the intensity of the challenge we face. I hope you'll read my full plan to tackle the climate emergency and environmental injustices:  
RT @Obama2012: "The President and I believe in a fair shot and a fair shake."—VP @JoeBiden #BuffettRule
A new way to follow Joe as he crisscrosses the country for #Obama2012—presenting the “Joe on the road” Pinterest board: 
Let's bring this home. 
Eleven-year-old Isaac Johnston asked me what else kids should be doing in addition to washing their hands and staying home. My advice was simple:  - Stay a safe distance from friends - Sneeze into your elbow - And eat your vegetables 
52 years ago, Thurgood Marshall became the first African American Supreme Court Justice. A legal giant in the struggle for civil rights—he relentlessly pushed America closer to our promise of liberty, equality, and justice for all. His voice forever changed the course of history.
Extremism is on the rise in America, fueled by a president who has fanned the flames of division and emboldened white nationalists and Neo-Nazis with messages of support.  This is a battle for the soul of our nation, and it's on all of us to act. 
Donald Trump can’t stop the violence we're seeing today – because for years he has fomented it.  Tune in as I discuss the need for justice and safety in America: 
In the last three years, President Trump has turned our world upside down internationally and economically. People are hurting. The soul of our country is collapsing because of his presidency.  We have to be honest, straight forward, and authentic about what we will do to fix it.
For months, I called on President Trump to step up and take the action necessary to combat COVID-19.  But week after week, he downplayed the threat it posed, misled the American people, and failed to act.  Take a look: 
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers in Iowa — and all across the country. Now, it’s onto New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond! 
Take it from the Vice President, you've got to make a plan to vote.  
President Trump still has no plan to address COVID-19.  He quit on you, on your family, on America. He just wants us to grow numb to the horrors of the death toll and the pain.  We cannot afford another four years of his failed leadership.
.@realDonaldTrump, the job is to be president of all Americans. For the love of God start acting like it. 
One of the most important issues we face as a nation is ensuring affordable, accessible health care. There's work to do, but that doesn't mean starting from scratch. It means protecting and building on Obamacare. #DemDebate 
Two years ago, President Trump gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, he wants to rip free school lunches away from kids who need help the most. It’s heartless. No kid should go hungry in America. 
Watch Live: Joe Biden Officially Launches Campaign for President 
The New Hampshire primary is just one day away, and we need your help to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election. Head to  to make calls into New Hampshire from wherever you are in the country.
No sabemos ya qué decir para condenar la inhumanidad de esta administración que arranca niños de los brazos de sus padres y acosa a las familias en sus vecindarios. Ahora deportará a niños que están recibiendo tratamientos de vida o muerte por afecciones graves.
During a visit to the Middle East in 2010, the VP spoke of the close bond between the U.S. and Israel: 
It's about time that federal workers get paid parental leave. Congratulations to @BrianSchatz and @CarolynBMaloney for pushing this bill over the finish line in Congress. 
VP on Romney: “He didn’t tell you much about his plan. He didn’t say much about what his plan does. And a lot of it just doesn’t add up.”
No family in search of a better life should be denied permanent residency because they don't meet Donald Trump's wealth test.  The United States of America should be open and welcome to all — not just the wealthy. 
Climate change is a global challenge that requires decisive action from every country around the world. Joe Biden will lead an effort to get every major country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets. #DemDebate 
“Light a fire under these guys &amp; tell them we will not settle in education. We will not trade off education for other priorities.”—VP at NEA
RT @VP: The Senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity. He will be missed. -VP on @senatorlugar
Science will win. 
My heart goes out to the millions of Americans who filed unemployment claims in recent weeks, and the millions more who worry what next week holds for them.  Donald Trump needs to take action to ensure Americans receive the economic relief they need as soon as possible. 
Only a tyrant would prevent the delivery of food and medicine to people he claims to lead. The international community must support Juan Guaido and the National Assembly. It is time for Maduro to step aside and allow a democratic transition. The Venezuelan people deserve better.
The Vice President is about to talk about jobs at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. Listen →  #MadeInAmerica
If you’re a teacher who stands by the progress the President and Vice President have made, join Educators for Obama:   
The strength of the LGBTQ+ community has always been rooted in the ability to find hope in spite of setbacks. If we stand together #UnitedByPride, we'll get through this — and emerge stronger. 
“They call their plan new, bold, and gutsy. There’s nothing gutsy about giving another trillion in tax cuts to millionaires.”—VP Biden
Fred, your strength and resilience in the face of unspeakable tragedy continues to inspire me and so many others. I carry Jaime’s memory with me every day as we continue our efforts to end America’s gun violence epidemic. 
On Monday, $255 million in funding expires for historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions. Senate Republicans need to pass the #FUTUREAct now. Our students and educators cannot afford to wait. 
We need to take action now to address our climate crisis.  That starts with beating Donald Trump.
Far too often, students who experience mental health problems do not get the care they need. As President, I will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve. 
Nineteen years ago, our nation was tested by an unspeakable act of cowardice and hate. Nearly 3,000 lives were cut short: a once-unthinkable toll which tore open the hearts of Americans in every corner of the country. 
Donald Trump still doesn’t get it. He’s out there spiking the football — completely oblivious to the tens of millions of people who are facing the greatest struggle of their lives. 
It’s not who we are. We are better than this. #DemDebate 
I will always choose hope over fear. 
Attention, Iowans—in just 56 days, you can cast your vote for President Obama. Commit to vote now (cc @OFA_IA): 
Always remember. 
Thoughts and prayers won't end our gun violence epidemic. We need courage, and we need leadership. It's past time we take on the @NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform.  Today, I released my plan to end our gun violence epidemic: 
President Trump just doesn't get it — he claimed his tax cuts jolted the economy and spurred hiring. He was wrong.  I’ll reverse his giveaway to the super-wealthy and invest in rebuilding America's middle class instead. 
Be the first to hear from VP Biden after the debate tomorrow night—find a watch party in your community: 
President Trump believes he can and will get away with anything he does. We all laughed when he said he could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot someone and get away with it.  Now, he is shooting holes in our Constitution. We cannot let him get away with it.
VP in VA: “We're going to give a tax break to any company who unbolts their factory stuff in Singapore and brings it back to Danville.”
While the House does its job on impeachment, I’m going to stay focused on what matters: improving the lives of Americans and fighting to ensure that the United States is once again the leader of the free world.
This is the United States of America. We don’t settle — we aspire.  Let’s get to work.
We can’t afford four more years of an administration that gambles with the livelihoods of American families. Working families deserve a president who is fighting for them. #TeamJoe
To the more than 3 million Americans who have given to this campaign: Thank you. 
There is nothing more powerful that Congress can do to help women, strengthen families, and save lives than reauthorizing VAWA. Now.
The hard truth is women — and particularly women of color — have never had a fair shot to get ahead in this country. That's why today, I'm releasing my plan to make sure women can fully participate in our economy and country. 
Jill and I mourn the loss of the nine service members who perished in a training accident off the coast of California. These brave young men made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their fellow Americans. Our deepest condolences go out to their families.
The character of our nation is on the ballot.  Vote: 
This moment requires strong American leadership and disciplined diplomacy to lead a global response grounded in science — Donald Trump is incapable of that. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency. 
Trump’s policies appear intentionally designed to aggravate the situation to scare Americans into re-electing him. Cutting off aid to Central America will increase migration to our Southern border, not reduce it.
Thank you, South Carolina! To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, and left behind — this is your campaign. Together, we will win this nomination and beat Donald Trump.
Miss the VP and @OfficialJLD's video from the #WHCD? WATCH: 
If you make under $400,000, you will not pay a penny more in taxes when I'm president.  The super-wealthy and big corporations will finally pay their fair share — and we'll invest that money in working families.  We're going to reward work — not wealth.
We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop America’s gun violence epidemic — that starts with taking on the powerful gun lobby and passing common-sense gun safety laws.  I’ve beaten the @NRA twice. And I’ll do it again in the White House.
As the climate crisis worsens each day and California burns and Iowa floods, Trump continues to abandon science and our international leadership. He just notified the United Nations of our official withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. It's shameful. 
Join me and the hardworking folks on the frontlines of the COVID-19 outbreak for a virtual round table. Tune in now: 
Unlike our current president, I will always choose science over fiction. 
Iowa, I hope you’ll join us this week to hear about our bold vision for the future of our country. Head to  to find an event in your community.
The future of our planet is on the ballot.  Vote: 
Across the world, people come to this country with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. They study here, innovate here, they make America who we are. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
We need a president who will fight to further LGBTQ+ equality — not roll back the hard-won progress we've already made.
“The President says we can't build this economy from the top down, but from the middle out—that's what this is about.”—VP Biden
Everything workers have that define what it means to live a good life—the 40-hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety.   It’s all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that. 
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s Town Hall in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Tune in to @CNN now to watch live. 
Today, I’m releasing my plan to strengthen worker organizing, collective bargaining, and unions.  To grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class — I'll make it easier for workers to unionize. It's time we start rewarding work, not wealth. Read my plan:  
I’ve seen firsthand how hard America’s educators work for little pay and few resources. They deserve better. In a Biden administration, we’ll support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Together, we can end the last four years of chaos.   
Every generation that has followed Gettysburg has been faced with a moment when it must answer this question: Will we allow the sacrifices made in that battle, and that war, to be in vain?   We cannot, and we must not. It's time to come together. 
As so many others have said, cruelty is their point. It is their only point, and it’s all they have to run on: fear, anger, division, and cruelty. We must restore the soul of our nation.
Make no mistake: I believe our best days still lie ahead. We can and will transform this nation — together.
Students and survivors are making their voices heard. Grassroots organizers are working to make sure these guidelines are never put into effect.
Last night on the debate stage, I shared my bold vision for the future of our country. Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. Let’s show them who we are.  There’s nothing we can’t do — together. #DemDebate 
President Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is Maine's hardworking lobstermen and women are hurting under his watch.  They deserve better. And as President, I will work to protect the livelihood and safety of the fishing community. 
Before voting even starts, Romney’s already written off half the country. Be part of the team that fights for everyone: 
And mayors like Rick Kriseman and Joyce Craig who are incredible leaders in their communities.
RT if you agree: 
What we need is presidential leadership that will take strategic action to counter the Iranian threat, restore America's standing in the world, recognize the value of principled diplomacy, and strengthen our nation and our security by working strategically with our allies.
Today’s the day — it’s primary day in South Carolina! Head to  to make calls from wherever you are in the country to help get folks to the polls.
On this #InternationalWomensDay, it’s a hard truth that, in 2020, we have not yet reached gender equality in our society. I promise that, as president, I will use every tool available to me and take every opportunity to change that. 
VP Biden is about to speak about infrastructure development in Philadelphia. This is why we have to #RebuildAmerica: 
Folks, we saw in 2016 what can happen when social media platforms are left unchecked and allow disinformation to run rampant. It puts the very integrity of our elections at risk.   We simply cannot let it happen again in 2020.
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, I will always lead the way with science. I will listen to the experts and heed their advice. I will do the opposite of what we’re seeing Donald Trump do every day.
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating throughout the country. I'm grateful for the contributions that the AAPI community has made to enrich America's diversity. I hope the Year of the Rat brings good fortune, health, and happiness to all.
VP Biden meets @parksandrecnbc’s Leslie Knope: 
To Bernie and Jane, as friends, from Jill and me: You haven’t just run a political campaign; you’ve created a movement. And make no mistake about it, we believe it’s a movement that is as powerful today as it was yesterday. That’s a good thing for our nation and our future.
Four more years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cannot stand by and watch that happen.
These families fled persecution and violence to seek safety in the land of the free.  But instead of providing refuge, the Trump Administration ripped their children away from them.  The cruelty was the point — and it's reprehensible. 
The hard truth is Donald Trump ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak.  It’s one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
“There’s nothing bold about turning Medicare into a voucher system.”—VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan plan
Kentucky — in-person early voting begins today across the state. Head to  and make your plan to vote.
The character of our nation is on the ballot in this election. We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are — and we have to prove that this November. 
Last night, history was made in the birthplace of the civil rights movement, when Steven Reed became the first African American mayor of Montgomery.
We can’t let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer. We need to take on the @NRA and pass common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Tune in at 2:00 PM today for remarks on the urgent and dire need for a full economic response to COVID-19 at  
VP Biden on Mitt Romney: “He reflexively criticizes the President’s policies without offering any alternatives.”
Across the country, middle and working class families are being squeezed by debt. This is a massive problem, and one that we need all of the best ideas to solve. That's why today, I'm adopting two plans from @BernieSanders and @ewarren to achieve this.
Throughout the pandemic, our nation’s governors have stepped up to meet the moment. @KamalaHarris and I just met with the @NatlGovsAssoc to discuss how we’ll work together to combat COVID-19. Tune in. 
Folks, today we’re launching #League46⚾️ — a next generation coalition ready to make Donald Trump a one-term president. We've got unlimited capacity to create change — and together, we’re going to transform this country.  Join today:  
The President spent his weekend golfing. 
This afternoon, I’ll be speaking about President Trump’s abuse of power and the grave threat he poses to our democracy. Tune in at 12:45 PM ET to watch live. 
As president, I’ll build an economy that rewards work — not just wealth.
I grew up with a stutter. At tonight’s @CNN town hall, I was asked what advice I would give to those working to overcome their own — here’s what I said: 
In January, Donald Trump claimed the coronavirus was “totally under control.”  In February, he said it would disappear.  Now, he’s saying it “could’ve been stopped pretty easily if we had known.”  Donald Trump knew. He failed to act. And now we’re paying the price.
The unrelenting impact of climate change affects every single one of us.  It requires action, not denial. It requires leadership, not scapegoating.  It requires a president to meet the threshold duty of the office — to care, for everyone.
North Carolina's voter ID law was never designed to protect the sacred right to vote. It was designed to prevent people of color from voting.  I applaud today's ruling, but our fight to make it easier for all Americans to vote is far from over. 
But we must also remember, as JFK put it, that ours is “not the individual liberty of one but the indivisible liberty of all.” Donald Trump doesn’t get that.
As president, I’ll make sure giant corporations and the super-wealthy pay their fair share in taxes — and then invest that money in growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class. 
One year ago today, President Obama ended “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell": 
But our job is not done. The #VotingRightsAct has been gutted by the Supreme Court &amp; voting rights are under siege across the country.  As president, I will restore the VRA, stand up to attacks on the right to vote, &amp; renew our efforts to ensure every American’s voice is equal.
Today, we honor Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, Denise, and recommit to defeating the poisonous ideology of white supremacy that lit the fuse at the 16th Street Baptist Church. 
Tonight made one thing clear: We need to restore real leadership to the White House — and we need to do it now. Chip in to help us make it happen. 
Donald Trump calls himself a wartime president. But now, instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, he’s waved the white flag.  He abandoned the American people when we needed him most.
How far is it from Trump’s saying this “is an invasion” to the shooter in El Paso declaring “this attack is a response to the Hispanic invasion of Texas”?  Not far at all.
As we reflect on the incredible legacy of Brown v. Board of Education, we’re reminded of the urgent work that remains before us 66 years later. We can’t rest until every kid gets a fair shot, and we finally live up to our founding ideals of liberty, justice, and equality for all.
If I'm elected president, you won't hear me race-baiting, you won't hear me dividing — you'll hear me trying to unify. 
Now, it's time to vote. Make your plan today. #NationalBlackVoterDay 
Here's the deal, folks: social security is on the ballot this year, and the choice couldn't be clearer:   I'll protect and expand it. Donald Trump will cut it and take it away. 
Trump wants to ignore climate science when making infrastructure decisions. In the Biden Administration, every dollar spent toward rebuilding our roads, bridges, buildings, the electric grid, and our water infrastructure will be used to reduce and withstand a changing climate. 
Every day it seems we uncover new horrors perpetrated by President Trump and his administration. 
Tonight, @SymoneDSanders and actor @TonyGoldwyn will be hosting a town hall focused on how COVID-19 is impacting workers in the entertainment industry.  Tune in at 7 PM ET to watch:  
If @KamalaHarris and I are elected, we’re going to inherit multiple crises, a nation divided, and a world in disarray. We won’t have a minute to waste.   That's exactly why I picked her: She's ready to lead on day one.
Join me now as I take the stage: 
Donald Trump's "Remain in Mexico" policy is dangerous, inhumane, and goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants. My administration will end it. 
Thanksgiving has always been a special time for the Biden family. And while I know this isn’t the way many of us hoped to spend the holiday, the small act of staying home is a gift to our fellow Americans. 
Secretary Modly's resignation is appropriate and called for. His disparaging remarks were far beneath the dignity of the office he held. Our sailors, our nation, and Captain Crozier deserve better. 
"Can you imagine any president getting up at 3:30 in the morning and tweeting vitriol... What does that say about who we are?" -VP Biden
Team, we're training a new generation of organizers across the country. Apply for the Team Joe Organizing Fellowship before Monday, July 8th to learn the ins-and-outs of grassroots and digital organizing in our eight-week online training program.   Apply:  
Rural communities power our nation. They feed our bodies and fuel our engines. A healthy, vibrant rural America is essential to the success of our country. That’s why I released my plan for rural America:  
VP Biden: “The entire history of the journey of this country can be summarized in one word: Forward!”
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos. It’s time for a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school educator. 
I’m inspired to see folks from across the country coming together for the #DemConvention.   I'm more confident than ever we can beat Donald Trump — but we have to stand together. If you're with us, chip in today: 
President Trump says no one saw this coming, but that’s just not true. Our own intelligence officials were warning of the coronavirus threat back in January. Trump ignored them, and now we’re paying the price. 
Thank you, North Carolina! 
Today, we honor those who answered duty’s call on June 6, 1944, on the beachheads of Normandy. We must be a living memorial to their bravery and sacrifice—and recognize always that our strength is rooted in our fervid and unfailing defense of democratic rights and freedoms. #DDay
I’m heartbroken at the news of yet another mass shooting in America — and I’m keeping the victims and their loved ones in my prayers. We can’t go on like this any longer as a nation. It’s time we come together and pass common-sense reforms to end this epidemic. 
We're in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for the final stop of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
We are in the middle of a global pandemic — and people need access to health care now more than ever. Donald Trump should reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately.
Donald Trump is incapable of providing the leadership this moment requires.
"My word as a Biden — I've never been more optimistic about the prospects of the United States than I am this very day." —VP Biden
With just over one month until the Iowa Caucus, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election.  Join our team today and let's get to work: 
RT if you agree with the Vice President this #NationalWomensHealthWeek 
Tonight, @StaceyAbrams and I will be joining @Lawrence for a discussion on combating COVID-19 and how we can ensure everyone can make their voice heard this November.  Tune in to @MSNBC at 10 PM ET to watch live. 
The United States of America can be defined by one word: possibilities. There’s not a single thing we can’t achieve if we set our minds to it. 
There is systemic racism not just in our law enforcement but also in housing, education, and everything we do — and we have to do the hard work to end it. 
“I believe he genuinely believes that nearly half this country is made up of people who see themselves as victims.”—VP Biden on Romney
This isn’t about Donald Trump’s family or my family. This is about your family.  Families across America are hurting — but that’s the last thing Donald Trump wants to talk about. 
Today, we'll pass another grim milestone in this pandemic: 200,000 American lives lost.  Jill and I are keeping everyone who's hurting in our prayers. No words can numb your pain, but know the nation grieves with you.  Today is dark, but we will overcome this. Keep the faith.
Taegan Goddard: “He kept Romney on the defensive and came prepared … It was devastatingly effective.” 
“I hope you all don’t get #Romnesia. It’s a bad disease—and it’s contagious.”—VP Biden in Florida today
I'm glad this bill — overdue now for more than a century — has passed.  Congress' failure to act on lynching will forever be a stain on the institution, but living up to the founding principles of our nation means fully coming to terms with the sins of our past. 
Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics have brought America to an inflection point. In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to take the next great step forward as a nation.  Let's get to work. We can do this, together. 
20 years have passed since the murder of young Matthew Shepard. We've come a long way, thanks to organizations like @MattShepardFDN, but our work isn’t done. We cannot stop fighting until every LGBTQ young person is affirmed, supported, and safe. #MSF20
Hello, Greensburg! 
Senator @AmyKlobuchar said it best, "It is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness — and it is time to work together."  If you're in Minnesota — or any Super Tuesday state — go vote today! 
President Obama’s creating jobs right here in the U.S.; Romney would ship them overseas: 
I'm grateful for @PPact's support and proud to stand with them in this fight. As president, I’m going to do everything in my power to expand access to quality, affordable health care — including reproductive health care. 
There are nearly 330 million people in the United States — and according to the Trump White House, we've only conducted 5.4 million COVID-19 tests. It's abysmal.  Donald Trump needs to scale up testing, and he needs to do it immediately.
Attempts to compare President Trump and President Obama on immigration are far-fetched. #DemDebate
Alex, a law enforcement officer and former Marine from Reno, supports common-sense gun safety reform — just like the majority of America. Here’s why he’s supporting our campaign: 
The character of the American people is on full display across the country. In the middle of a crisis, folks are stepping up and doing what they can to help out those in need. The Angeleno Campaign, led by my friend Mayor @EricGarcetti, is a great example of the work being done. 
The President’s jobs plan would put folks back to work right away—tell Congress we can’t wait: 
RT if you agree with Vice President Biden. #vawa20 
Thank you for the warm welcome, Manitowoc! With the help of companies like Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry, we're going to revitalize American manufacturing and make sure the future is made here in America. 
After the most corrupt administration in modern history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. A Biden administration will ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful. 
We are facing so many crises under Donald Trump:   COVID. Economic devastation. Unwarranted police violence. Emboldened white nationalists. A reckoning on race. Declining faith in a bright American future.  The common thread? A president who makes things worse — not better.
I’m heartbroken to hear of the passing of Héctor Figueroa. Héctor was a stalwart champion in the fight to ensure every worker receives the respect and dignity they’ve earned. My thoughts are with his family and his loved ones.
Trump offers no moral leadership, no interest in unifying the nation, and no evidence the presidency has awakened his conscience in the least.  Instead, we have a president with a toxic tongue who has unapologetically embraced a political strategy of hate, racism, and division.
I often think about what it takes for a Black person to love America. That is a deep love for this country that, for far too long, has not been recognized.  It’s time we fulfilled our nation’s founding promise: equality for all.   Here’s how we’ll do it: 
Simply put: we are better than this. #TeamJoe 
A $500 billion slush fund for corporations with almost no conditions is unacceptable. We have to ensure the help these companies receive goes to their workers — not their CEOs.  It's time for President Trump and Mitch McConnell to put American families first. 
Enough is enough is enough. Decent people have to take a stand. These are our children.
The Civil Rights Act for the first time made real the possibility of equal access to employment. It outlawed discrimination in public facilities, and it gave the Attorney General of the United States of America the power to enforce the law to combat discrimination.
They don’t call it Super Tuesday for nothing! 
#1010means good news for our economy. Commit to vote for candidates who will #RaiseTheWage:  
The devastating unemployment numbers have made one thing even clearer: We need a fourth coronavirus relief package, and we need it fast. We need to take extraordinary steps to protect American families and ensure those laid off are made financially whole. 
Thanks, Barack. You're right — and we won't stop until every Dreamer feels safe in this country. 
I’m in Pembroke Pines, Florida, to discuss my plans to protect and strengthen Social Security and ensure every American can retire with dignity. Tune in. 
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s town hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Tune in to @ABC to watch live.
Science over fiction.
This afternoon, @KamalaHarris and I will be speaking together for the first time since yesterday’s big announcement. Tune in: 
We voted. 
Folks, we can’t let up. We’re just a few hours away from our last public fundraising deadline before Election Day, and we need your help to hit our goal.  It all comes down to this. Chip in to beat Donald Trump: 
#ThrowbackThursday to an earlier #TakeYourChildToWorkDay  #TBT 
Today we join Polish-Americans in celebrating General Pulaski, whose heroism built the American cavalry and saved the life of George Washington. America will always stand with the Polish people against the common threats we face.
Let’s go win this, folks.  
This ruling goes a long way toward protecting the sacred right to vote, but there's still work to do. We've got to ensure everyone — including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — has the right to make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
What is becoming clearer each hour is that record numbers of Americans — from all races, faiths, regions — chose change over more of the same.   They have given us a mandate for action on COVID and the economy and climate change and systemic racism.
I just got off the debate stage, where I laid out my vision for the country. We’ll work together to get it done, because there’s not a single thing we can’t do – together. If you agreed with what you heard tonight, join our team and let’s get to work: 
The Vice President is visiting North Carolina and Virginia this week. Follow @OFA_NC and @OFA_VA for the latest.
Every young person deserves to be affirmed and accepted exactly as they are — regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Today on #SpiritDay and every day, we must ensure LGBTQ youth hear that message loud and clear.
Introducing the Obama Classic—your chance to join President Obama and a who’s-who of basketball greats: 
This didn't have to happen. The Trump Administration failed to take action and produce desperately needed protective equipment — and those on the front lines of this crisis paid the price. It's heartbreaking. 
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to surge nationwide testing — including developing and evaluating more accurate, affordable, accessible, faster tests so we can reopen safely.  Infection rates are rising at an alarming pace. Mr. President, act now.
VP: “The middle class is about being able to own your home and not just rent it, or being able to send your kid to a park you know is safe.”
The words of a president matter. They can move markets. They can send our brave men and women to war. They can bring peace.  And they can unleash the deepest, darkest forces in this nation — like Donald Trump has chosen to do.
.@DavidsonJess22 of @endrapeoncampus has been advocating for safer campuses since long before I met her in the White House. Jess, I’m so grateful for your tireless work, and proud of all that you continue to accomplish. 
Congressman Elijah Cummings was a lion of democracy and a powerful ally in the fight for the soul of our nation. I am honored to have served alongside him and known him as a friend. May his passion and purpose live on as he rests in heavenly peace.
Banning the Confederate flag from military installations was long overdue.   Banning the LGBTQ Pride flag — the very symbol of diversity and inclusion — is undeniably wrong. The Pentagon should ensure it is authorized, or as President, I will.   
Weapons of war have no place in our communities.  We need to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
President Obama: “The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night.” 
Folks, if you live in Illinois, today is your last day to register to vote online. Don’t wait, head to  and register before it’s too late.
In less than 12 hours, voters will head to the polls for the most important election in our lifetimes. It all comes down to this. Join us for our final rally before Election Day. 
.@SenGillibrand has never been afraid to speak without fear, to be brave in the face of injustice, and to empower others to get off the sidelines. I'm thrilled and honored to have her support. 
The Romney-Ryan plan: They call it “gutsy”—we call it a disaster for the middle class.  
VP in FL: “The American people are so much better, so much stronger, take so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.”
Let's be clear: Donald Trump's Muslim ban was never about safety — it was a blatant ploy to fan the flames of bigotry and score points with his political base. I will end it.
“The threats are too great and the times are too uncertain to elect Donald Trump president of the United States.” –VP Biden #DemsInPhilly
I just stepped off the #DemDebate stage, where I laid out my bold vision for our future and what's possible if we unite this country.   If I made you proud tonight, can you chip in $5 to help power our campaign: 
Well, folks, @KamalaHarris and I watched some of President Trump’s remarks from the campaign trail — and it went just as you’d imagine. We wanted to take a moment to clear up some of the lies he’s been saying about us. 
I’ll see you tomorrow. 
Rhode Island and Tennessee — early voting has officially started. Join millions of people across the country and vote early today. 
Excited to share news about #AmericanPromiseTour - a series of conversations I’m hosting around the country  
No malarkey here. 
Firefighters and teachers should not pay a higher tax rate than the wealthiest in our country. As president, I will reverse President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class.  It’s time we reward work, not just wealth.
I'm confident that the American people will meet this moment. There’s never been a challenge we've been unable to overcome if we do it together.
It is a moral failing when children are ripped from their parents' arms, locked away in overcrowded detention centers, and denied toothbrushes and soap.  We have to end Donald Trump's cruel policies and build a fair and humane immigration system.
“Because of you and your productivity, the combined auto companies have committed to invest another $23 billion in expansion in America.”
Our plan will give Americans the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. That’s the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. 
VP Biden in WI: “America is coming back. We’re not going back. We’re going forward.”
Senator Harris’ Medicare for All plan still gets rid of employer-sponsored coverage and still costs 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan. Just changing the start date by 6 years doesn’t change the fact it is bad policy. #DemDebate 
At a time when Trump is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, my heart is with the families of those we lost in the Oklahoma City bombing 25 years ago today. We must never give up the fight against these forces of hate and intolerance. 
Eight years ago today, and the progress we've made is remarkable. —Joe  
Thank you, Illinois! 
“Last night, we saw a commander in chief who is in command of the issues.”—VP Biden in Dayton, Ohio
If you live in Colorado, you must register today to receive a ballot in the mail. You can still same-day register in person before you vote early or on Election Day, but don't wait! Head to  to learn more.
Thank you, @CindyMcCain. Your support and your friendship mean the world to me. John and I didn't always agree on the issues, but we put aside our differences to find common ground and move the country forward — it's what I'll do every day as president. 
Thirty years ago, I proudly cosponsored the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act. It was an enormous step forward, but there's more work to do. So today, I’m releasing my plan to achieve full participation and equality for people with disabilities: 
Vote.
No family should be struggling to make ends meet. American farmers are hurting as a result of President Trump’s broken promises — his trade war is reckless.    As president, I’ll stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers.
Since the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, Congressional Republicans have been fighting to it tear down. Two years ago today, they continued their crusade in an attempt to pass a “skinny repeal” of Obamacare—it failed.
Fight for a fair shot for the middle class →  
There are 55 days left before Election Day. Commit to vote right now →  #IWillVote 
To tee up the VP’s speech, we’ll be spotlighting the Vice President’s foreign policy work—stay tuned for stories and photos all week long.
The only thing this president has done alone is fail America. 
GOP all-out assault on healthcare continues. First, they want to cut funding for CHIP. Now DOJ trying to end protections for pre-existing conditions. We have to fight back.
This callous decision will cost lives. Period. 
Organized labor is why we have a minimum wage in this country. It’s why we have the five-day work week. It’s why we have worker safety standards. It’s why we have a middle class in America. We owe them. 
To the millions of Americans struggling to get by right now — those who can't find a job or pay the bills: I want you to know that I see you, and I won't forget you — and I'm going to fight every day in the White House to build an economy that works for you.
On #EarthDay, we're reminded that there is no more urgent crisis facing this nation, or the world, than the threat posed by climate change. We have to take drastic action before it’s too late — and that’s exactly what I will do as president.   
“We put forward a concrete plan to cut the debt by $4 trillion in the next 10 years.”—Vice President Biden in Chesterfield, VA
Tonight you heard the other side’s plan to take us back to the failed policies of the past. We can't go back. We've gotta go forward. –Joe
.@DrBiden and I had a very important meeting with @DrakeUGriff while at Drake University yesterday. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and I’m proud to have the fiercest of fighters, Senator @EWarren, on my side. With her help, we’re going to beat Donald Trump and create a government that works for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected. Let’s do this. 
Had the opportunity to discuss my plans to advance equity and opportunity for communities of color all across the nation today at the @NatUrbanLeague Conference in Indianapolis. Thank you for having me! 
From taking care of their kids to accessing preventive care, watch Americans talk about what the #ACA means to them: 
31 years after they joined hands to demand freedom from Soviet oppression, citizens of the Baltic states formed a human chain in solidarity with Belarusians fighting to throw off the chains of dictatorship.  We stand with the people of Belarus as we stood with the Baltic nations. 
Donald Trump doesn’t know who we are as a country. We’re a nation of immigrants — and our diversity has always been our biggest strength. 
VP in Iowa: “It's time to stand up for the middle class.  And you can start moving in that direction in 10 days when early voting starts.”
Happy Birthday to the one and only @StevieWonder. 
Bill Barr is the Attorney General of the United States — not the president's private attorney. 
Yesterday this campaign raised $5M online, including from tens of thousands of new supporters. You did that. Together, we will do this. We'll get the nomination, defeat Donald Trump and win the battle for the soul of this nation. Chip in to keep us going: 
Romney’s energy plan would do nothing for energy independence,  and risks destroying thousands of jobs:  #RealRomney
Called into the @CTUlocal1 picket line to thank them for all they do for our students. It’s time we give our educators and school staff the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Two years ago, President Trump attempted to end DACA—throwing lives into chaos &amp; forcing our DREAMers to live in fear as the Supreme Court decides their fate. It's cruel.   DREAMers are Americans. It's time for Congress to keep our promise to them &amp; provide a path to citizenship.
Today, I wrote in the @washingtonpost about the big problem with the Republican leadership’s "health" bill: 
100 days.
Let me be very clear, @realDonaldTrump: Not a single one of the 200,000 Americans we've lost to this virus was a "nobody." 
We're seeing the soul of our nation on full display every day in this crisis — and it makes me so proud to be an American. 
Thank you, Arkansas! 
This is the United States of America — if we pick our heads up and remember who we are, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. 
Still celebrating? Watch the post-game pep talk with the #USMNT and the Vice President. #OneNationOneTeam #IBelieve 
"If we have any hope of ending this chaos, we have got to vote for Joe Biden like our lives depend on it."  #DemConvention 
“Now insurance companies will no longer be able to charge us more for our coverage just because we’re women.”—Dr. Biden in PA
Today, President Trump nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court — a jurist with a written track record of disagreeing with the Court’s decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act.  Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is. 
"[Trump] is thoroughly unqualified based on his conduct, his abuse of power, and his lack of substantive knowledge." -VP Biden at @ChathamU
Arizona — ¡la fecha límite para registrarte para votar en Arizona ha sido extendida! Visita  para registrarte en linea antes de las 11:59PM el jueves 15 de octubre.
Don’t wait: Drop off your ballot today.  
On the final day of #PrideMonth, here’s my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected, I will be the most pro-equality president in our nation’s history. LGBTQ+ rights are human rights — and we can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
The Trump Administration clearly knows what's needed to make workplaces safe and operational: adequate testing, contact tracing, masks, and additional precautions.  They're putting in the work to keep themselves safe. Why aren't they doing the same for the American people? 
If Donald Trump is re-elected, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation forever. We can't let that happen. 
Candidates like Ralph Northam and Justin Fairfax, who will ensure that Virginia’s economic recovery continues to reach every town and city in the commonwealth.
Let's be honest: my campaign wouldn't be here if it weren't for the support of Black Americans. And I know we don't have a chance to win without your support.  I'll do everything I can to earn your vote—and together, we'll build a nation that works for all. #NationalBlackVoterDay 
Brayden — you have heart, courage, and maturity beyond your years. You have unlimited potential — and I can't wait to see what your future holds. 
Trump is fighting tooth &amp; nail to deny those fleeing dangerous situations their right to seek asylum in our nation. We should uphold our moral responsibility &amp; enforce our immigration laws with dignity—not turn away those fleeing violence, war, &amp; poverty.  
Enjoyed sitting down with @jimmykimmel to talk about what’s at stake in this election and the urgent need to make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Tune in to @JimmyKimmelLive tonight! 
Every day Donald Trump proves how wholly unfit he is to lead our country. 
Dreamers are Americans — and it’s time we make it official.
Here's what has always made America great:  Honesty. Decency. Treating everyone with dignity. Demonizing no one — not the poor, the powerless, the immigrant, the other. Giving hate no safe harbor. Understanding that, as Americans, we are part of something bigger than ourselves.
A Biden administration will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We will get these military-style weapons off our streets.
VP: “What’s at stake for the Latino community this election is the dreams &amp; aspirations of their fathers and mothers.” 
It's clear President Trump doesn't care about the farmers and manufacturers being crushed by his reckless trade war—just this week, 160 workers were laid off in the Quad Cities. Enough.  As president, I will end these failed policies and put American workers first. 
I am ready to fight for you and for our nation. Every day. Without exception, without reservation. And with a full and devoted heart.
The last four years come down to the next 42 days. This is our moment — and if you vote, we’ll win.  Head to  and get registered today. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay 
Folks, I'm excited to share that Senator @ewarren and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser this Friday — and you're invited. We're going to chat about what's at stake this November and even answer a few of your questions.  Chip in any amount to join us:  
Time and time again, Donald Trump has proven he has no moral rudder. Instead of having respect for others, he insults and demeans. He preys on divisions and stokes hate, instead of healing and uniting.  Trump is everything we aspire not to be as Americans.
“Let me make something clear and say it to the press, America is better off today.”—Vice President Biden in Detroit
The election is underway across the country, and millions of Americans have already cast their ballots. I’m in Detroit, Michigan, to encourage folks to join them and vote early. Tune in. 
Iran has now restarted its nuclear program and has become more, rather than less, aggressive. Trump's Iran policy has alienated us from our allies and taken us to the brink of another war in the Middle East.  Everything this president does is backwards.
President Obama has a specific plan for strengthening the middle class—pass it on: 
We're not just voting for us. We're voting for our kids, our grandkids, and future generations. Don't let them down:  
A Democratic president will need a Democratic Senate in 2021 to reverse the damage that @realDonaldTrump has done to this country. Coloradans are fortunate to have @Hickenlooper in the race and continuing the fight. 
Under President Trump, the North Korean nuclear threat is getting worse, not better. As President, Joe Biden will coordinate closely with our allies and hold China accountable for not putting pressure on North Korea. He'll see Kim Jong Un for what he is — a ruthless tyrant.
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation.  Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most important—who we want to be. It’s all at stake.   That is truer today than ever. And it’s in this urgency we can find the path forward.
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and we must fight any and all attempts to overturn it. As president, I will codify Roe into law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
We need to believe women like Colbie. We need to recognize the incredible courage it takes for women like her to come forward. And we need to change the culture so those who live in fear can safely get the support they deserve. 
Antarctica is facing extreme ice loss. Sea levels and temperatures are rising around the world. Yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence in front of his own eyes.  We need to take action to solve the climate crisis—and that starts with getting Trump out of the White House. 
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us. Please stay safe. Please take care of each other. 
The last few days have made one thing very clear: We are building the campaign that will beat Donald Trump.
We cannot let President Trump define who we are as a nation. America is hopeful and inclusive — we give hate no safe harbor and leave no one behind. We are everything that Donald Trump is not. 
Get a free Obama-Biden car magnet in 3 easy steps:  
One in five small businesses have closed. More than 25 million Americans are on unemployment. Millions are at risk of losing their homes.  But President Trump doesn’t seem to care. He only cares about how he and his wealthy friends are doing.
The 40-hour workweek Minimum wage Overtime pay  They’re all because of unions. It’s time we recognize that.
1: What criteria will be used to ensure a vaccine meets the scientific standard of safety and efficacy?  The FDA must clarify what criteria it will use, and President Trump must commit to respecting the independent judgment of the non-political professional staff at the FDA.
It's clear who President Trump works for. His administration prioritized giant tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations — meanwhile, they've attacked food assistance every chance they've gotten. It’s heartless.  No one should go hungry in America. 
“It's going to empower students and families to be back in the driver's seat.”—VP Biden on new college financial aid tools
Today, let's all celebrate the one billion girls and young women around the world — and recommit to fight for their education, work, health, rights, and opportunities. A Biden-Harris administration will work to elevate their voices and ensure an equal future. #DayOfTheGirl
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about dignity. It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be okay—and mean it. Too many people today can’t do that.  We have to rebuild an inclusive middle class and restore the dignity of work.
Jill and I, and the whole Biden family, want to wish you a happy, healthy, and safe holiday season. 
Boston represents what it means to never yield, never cower, never stand down &amp; lead the way. America owns the finish line. #OneBostonDay
I know Bernie well. He’s a good man, a great leader, and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country. And it’s hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one, single tweet. So I won’t try to. 
Four more years. 
Let's be clear: Donald Trump does not have the authority to take us into war with Iran without Congressional approval. A president should never take this nation to war without the informed consent of the American people.
Hey everyone — @TeamJoe here! We’re taking over for tonight’s CNN #ClimateTownHall. We’ll keep you updated as Joe Biden takes the stage to discuss his plans to combat climate change.
My heart and Jill's are with the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of another damaging earthquake. As the island grapples with both the impact of this earthquake and this pandemic, we need to ensure they get the resources and assistance needed to recover as soon as possible.
VP Biden: “We’ve invested in early education to eliminate the achievement gap before kids hit second grade.”
It’s time we reward the people who actually make this country work. Not Wall Street CEOs — but the middle class. Ordinary women and men who are capable of doing extraordinary things when given half a chance.  That's who I'll fight for every single day in the White House.
Donald Trump promised to bring back jobs, but his policies crushed the manufacturing sector—and that was true even before COVID-19.  I’ll revitalize American manufacturing and innovation and create millions of good-paying jobs so we can build back better. 
VP in Iowa: “Isn’t it great having a President who thinks it matters whether or not there’s still an auto industry in the United States?”
This election is Scranton vs. Park Avenue.
VP Biden: “My dad used to say, Joey, I don’t expect the government to solve my problems, but I do expect them to understand my problems.”
Let’s be clear: The emergency aid should have never been denied in the first place. 
We can't build this nation back better without tackling the systemic racism and disparities that have plagued our country for far too long. That's why today, I'm releasing my new plan to advance racial economic equity across the American economy. 
I’ve been knocked down a whole hell of a lot. But I know how to get back up. We have to get up and provide safety and security for the American people. #DemDebate
We need a president who will choose unity over division.
We are months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have a comprehensive plan when it comes to COVID-19 or the economy. It's unacceptable. I released a detailed plan laying out what I would do months ago, and have built on it since. Take a look: 
I promise you that if I am elected president, we will hold gun manufacturers accountable for the carnage they have caused. 
No podemos callar ante la violencia contra personas transgénero de color, como las recientes tragedias en Missouri y Puerto Rico. Es nuestra obligación garantizar que todos puedan vivir abiertamente, con orgullo y sin miedo. 
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but the slow and chaotic response to it is. He's the commander in chief — it's time he steps up, takes responsibility, and does his job. 
George Floyd’s life mattered. 
We’re facing a serious threat — and we need to meet it together as one country. But this President gives us no direction and actively pits us against one another.  We can't continue on like this. 
26 years ago today, the Senate passed 10-year bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines—it was an effort I was proud to champion.  These bans saved lives, and Congress should have never let them expire.  As president, I’ll take on the @NRA and we’ll ban them once again.
The VP fires up the crowd in Columbus, Ohio: 
To @USWNT: don’t give up this fight. This is not over yet.  To @USSoccer: equal pay, now. Or else when I'm president, you can go elsewhere for World Cup funding. 
Agree with the VP that cutting millionaires' taxes while raising middle class taxes is just wrong? Tune in at 2:00: 
Today, we honor all those who answered duty’s call on June 6, 1944, not only in memorials and remembrances, but in recommitting ourselves to the urgent task of defending those values for which they fought and so many died.
La Crosse, Wisconsin was fired up for VP Biden and Dr. Biden last week: 
On Thursday, VP Biden will make a campaign stop at NYU to talk about national security.
Thank you @TheRock for your support at this critical moment for our nation.  You said it best: This election is about earning the respect of the American people. It’s about decency. It’s about electing leaders who tell the truth.  Thanks again, DJ. Next time we’re talking cars. 
Trump's intervention in the American military justice system to pardon service members accused or convicted of war crimes betrays the rule of law, the values that make our country exceptional &amp; the men and women who wear the uniform honorably. He is not fit to command our troops.
20 days.
Fifty years ago, #EarthDay began as a day of organizing that demonstrated the power of community action. This year, it’s also a reminder of everything that’s on the line if we do not get Donald Trump out of the White House. 
There is no place for racism in America. Governor Northam has lost all moral authority and should resign immediately, Justin Fairfax is the leader Virginia needs now.
You should need to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period.  I will enact universal background check legislation and close loopholes that allow guns to fall into the wrong hands.  Read my full plan to end gun violence:  
Iowans, there's a good chance there's a Biden near you today on a cool 14 F day: 
We're in the middle of an economic crisis. But it's not enough to just turn things around — we have to build back better. We have to revitalize American manufacturing and make sure the future is made in America — by all of America.  Here's how we'll do it:  
Folks, we've got to elect @HillaryClinton and take back the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work. -Joe 
Republicans should never have allowed the 1994 ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines to expire.  As president, I’ll take on the @NRA once again to ban these weapons of war and get them off our streets.
A united party is key to winning the White House this November. The work of the task forces will be essential to identifying ways to build on our progress and not simply turn the clock back to a time before Donald Trump — but transform our country. 
Our nation is at an inflection point. @KamalaHarris and I sat down to discuss what brought us to this moment — and how we move forward and build back better than before. Tune in to watch: 
While the president was spiking the football and taking a victory lap, another 1.5 million Americans filed new unemployment claims last week.   He is completely oblivious to what's really happening in this country — and hardworking Americans are paying the price. 
Every opportunity: 
.@KamalaHarris has spent her entire life fighting for what’s right — and I know she’ll continue that fight when we get to the White House. 
We meet unspeakable tragedy and hate with unbound resolve. I stand with the LGBTQ community, today and every day. #OrlandoUnitedDay. 
"He has no clue. Period.” –VP Biden on Donald Trump #DemsInPhilly
“We offer a stark alternative to the Ryan vision and the Romney vision, and it all rests on a growing, prosperous middle class.”—VP Biden
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didn’t, and it won’t. American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending.  It's up to all of us to create the America we know we can be. 
"Americans never bow. Americans never bend. We never break. We endure, we overcome, and we continually move forward." -VP Biden
Mr. President — If you’re so good at making deals, then why does your trade deal cost American workers so much pain while letting China off the hook for its biggest trade abuses? 
26 years ago today, the Violence Against Women Act became law. In the years since, it has saved countless lives and helped change the culture around sexual assault and domestic violence.  Writing and championing the law remains one of my proudest accomplishments. 
I have the great honor to announce that I’ve picked @KamalaHarris — a fearless fighter for the little guy, and one of the country’s finest public servants — as my running mate.
We can't turn a blind eye to the way in which environmental burdens are distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines.  Biden will right these wrongs and stand up to fossil fuel companies  who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities.
Folks, if you plan to vote by mail and haven’t requested your ballot yet, it’s important that you do so as soon as possible. Deadlines are quickly approaching in states across the country. Head to  to find all the information you need. 
Lots of people on stage talked about health care tonight. I’m the only one who’s gotten anything done. #DemDebate
It’s always great to be back at the #ClyburnFishFry. Thank you to @ClyburnSC06 and everyone who came out for a great night! 
Today's decision reaffirmed that states can't put in place laws that unduly burden a woman's right to make her own health care decisions—but the fight isn't over. As President, I'll codify Roe v. Wade and protect a woman’s constitutional right to choose.  
“You can find out all the information you need at our websites:  and  Biden
"On every issue that matters most to our security, Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country." -VP Biden
We need leadership that listens to science.   We need leaders who listen to experts and heed their advice.   We need American leadership that will rally the world to meet global threats.   We need leaders who are honest.   That is the responsibility of a president. 
Beth James is strong, courageous, and resilient. Her story is the story of millions of women all across this country. It’s why I worked so hard to pass the Violence Against Women Act — and it’s why I’m committed to changing the toxic culture that still pervades our society today. 
In America, health care should be a right for all -- not a privilege for the wealthy few.  Joe Biden’s plan to protect and build on Obamacare is the best way to achieve universal coverage and lower costs:  
We need a president who can deliver progress on the most pressing issues facing Americans. Joe Biden will be that president. #DemDebate
Growing up in Scranton, I learned the importance of hard work, treating others with dignity and respect, and leaving no one behind. Those values have guided my entire life — and they're the values I'll bring back to the White House. 
Today marks 30 days until Election Day. 30 days until we begin to restore the soul of the nation.  Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch: 
I never get tired of counting my blessings. We’ve got so much to be thankful for. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. -Joe
"My name's Joe Biden, I'm for @HillaryClinton and @Ted_Strickland. And Donald Trump is dangerous." -VP Biden
Asking for money isn’t my favorite part of running for president. But we’re coming up on our final end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign and need your help to hit our goal.  If you’re able, please chip in today: 
.@JohnDelaney ran his campaign with conviction to make our government work for the American people. He will continue to be an important voice in shaping our country for years to come. 
The cruelty of this president truly knows no bounds. We can’t let him gut Social Security and eliminate funding for disability benefits. 
Donald Trump knew that COVID-19 was dangerous. He knew it was deadly. And he purposely downplayed it.  Now, nearly 200,000 Americans are dead.  It’s unconscionable. 
Every single eligible American should have the opportunity to vote-by-mail this November. If it's good enough for Donald Trump — then it's good enough for you and me.
Voting is your opportunity to be in the room where it happens.  Don't throw away your shot:  
We run this campaign led by the values that guide my life - honesty, integrity, and compassion. @KamalaHarris and I are hard at work and want to let you into the conversation.  Join us this Tuesday. 
This news is deeply disturbing — as an alum of @UDelaware and as an American. We need a full and swift investigation into what happened Tuesday night.   With anti-Semitism on the rise across the country, we all have a moral obligation to speak out and give hate no safe harbor. 
RT @OFA_IA: Backdrop of the Mighty Mississippi to kickoff Day 2 of #BidenIA. 
I’m grateful for the sacrifice Tom made in service to our country. We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay — and it’s our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home. 
I am grateful to have the support of so many Wisconsinites and proud of the courage and commitment folks showed during last week's primary — but it should never have come to that.  No one should ever have to choose between their health and our democracy. 
It’s up to us, America. Speak out. Rise up. Be heard. The price to be paid for putting our values at risk must be clear. Now.   And show up to vote this November—in numbers like we’ve never seen.
America’s farmers deserve better. 
Health care is on the ballot. We need to protect Obamacare from Donald Trump’s relentless attempts to repeal and sabotage it — and build on the law to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable care. 
Ron Klain’s deep, varied experience and capacity to work with people all across the political spectrum is precisely what I need in a White House chief of staff as we confront this moment of crisis and bring our country together again. 
As president, I’ll partner with American farmers to combat climate change and make U.S. agriculture the first in the world to achieve net-zero emissions — all while giving farmers a new source of income in the process.   
We have to come together to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Once we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation — we will transform it and create a better future for all.
Donald Trump is using a global health crisis as an excuse to deport children and continue separating families. It's heartless and un-American. People across the political spectrum rejected these policies before, and will do so again, because they know families belong together. 
We must do everything in our power to address the climate emergency. As president, I’ll put America on course to become a 100% clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050. We will lead the world in the fight against climate change once again. 
Get in on the #Obama2012 rally action this Saturday from home—your note or photo could be featured on the livestream: 
RT @VP: Today’s decision is a really big – important – deal. Find out what it means for you:   –VP
The stakes of this election couldn’t be higher — we have to beat Donald Trump, and we only get one chance to do it. Poll after poll shows I’m the best candidate to get the job done. 
The VP cheered on the #USMNT in 2010, and he's cheering them on right now. Are you? #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 
News for you this morning: VP Biden will speak in Exeter, NH on 4/12 on tax fairness and the President’s support for the #BuffettRule.
Donald Trump looks at this violence and sees a political lifeline.  He failed to protect America, so now he's trying to scare America. 
As my father believed, there’s no higher calling for a woman or a man than to be a good mother or a good father. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads out there who work every day to help raise their children—and all our children—to be honorable, generous, kind young men and women. 
A favorite Joe photo: 
No American should be denied shelter, medical care, or critical services because of who they are or who they love. As president, I will reverse these cruel and discriminatory acts from @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence, and I'll start by signing the Equality Act into law. 
Americans work hard every day, and they deserve a worry-free retirement with a steady income. I’ll put Social Security on a path to long-run solvency through a tax on the wealthiest wage earners. Learn more about my plan for Older Americans at 
Two years after Charlottesville, we have a problem with this rising tide of white supremacy in America. And we have a president who encourages and emboldens it. But if we stand together in opposing it, we will win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
Every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. Proud to celebrate 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. -Joe
.@MikeBloomberg, I can’t thank you enough for your support—and for your tireless work on everything from gun safety reform to climate change. This race is bigger than candidates and bigger than politics. It’s about defeating Donald Trump, and with your help, we’re gonna do it.
This Thursday evening I’ll be in Lansing, Michigan to support @ElissaSlotkin, Debbie @Stabenow, @GretchenWhitmer and @Garlin. RSVP to join us: 
En el 1994, el senador Feinstein y yo dirigimos la lucha para prohibir las armas de fuego para asalto y las revistas de alta capacidad. Luchamos contra el @NRA y los vencimos.  Como presidente, volveré a prohibir estas armas de guerra. Las sacaremos de nuestras calles.
Donald Trump betrayed our partners in the Syrian Democratic Forces and put at risk our gains against ISIS. This is a disaster of his own making. #DemDebate
We’ve lost nearly 200,000 Americans to COVID-19.   It didn’t have to be this bad — but Donald Trump failed to do his job.
The truth is Donald Trump can't stop the violence, because for years he has fomented it. 
In public, President Trump compared COVID-19 to the flu and suggested people inject bleach to treat it.  In private, he told Bob Woodward it was deadlier than the flu and that he wanted to downplay it.  It’s unthinkable.
My Dad used to say there's no greater sin than the abuse of power.  Whether it's an officer bloodying a peaceful protester or a President defending him with a conspiracy theory he saw on TV.  I'm a Catholic – just like Martin. Our faith says that we can't accept either.
I said at the time that we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. I said it again when I announced. It’s why I’m running for president.
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this — together.
Let’s do this. 
VP Biden on Paul Ryan: “He proposed privatizing Social Security, a proposal that even the Bush administration rejected as ‘irresponsible.’”
The VP on the promises the Obama administration has kept to servicemembers and veterans: 
Donald Trump and his team seem to understand how critical testing is to their own safety. So why are they insisting that it’s unnecessary for the American people?
"What's gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break? What's gutsy about gutting Medicare?” - VP Biden on the Ryan Budget in 2012. #TBT
Today, we're facing a serious threat — and we have to meet it together as one country. It's up to all of us to do everything we can to keep our fellow Americans safe and healthy. 
11 innocent lives cut down. 11 more futures denied. When will we finally say enough is enough? It’s long past time to hold our leaders accountable. Jill and I are heartbroken that more American families are suffering tonight in Virginia Beach.
A new school year is here—we must recognize those working to prepare our students to succeed in tomorrow’s economy: educators.  As President, I will ensure our educators are supported with the pay and dignity they deserve. Read my plan here:  
Donald Trump is trying to eliminate the entire Affordable Care Act in the middle of a pandemic.  If he gets his way, more than 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions could see their costs skyrocket or be denied coverage altogether.  We can’t let him win. 
I can tell you few people know me as well as @BarackObama and @KamalaHarris do. 
We're building the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump — and his team is worried. Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president:  
Turns out, it takes more than a tweet to implement a comprehensive national testing strategy. 
My plan builds on that legacy with a new public health insurance option like Medicare. Read the full plan here: 
Time to tune in! The second presidential debate starts in a few minutes.  #TeamObamaBiden
It’s not enough to just go back to the way things were before these crises — we need to build back better than ever. We have to create a new American economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead.
President Trump’s travel ban—the Muslim ban—remains one of his most egregious attacks on our core values. Spewing the politics of fear &amp; slandering an entire religious community as complicit in terrorism is wrong &amp; goes against everything we stand for. We must overturn the ban. 
Make no mistake: The climate crisis poses an existential threat to our future. But I know the American people have the spirit, power, and ingenuity to meet the challenge head-on. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
Four weeks from today, voters will head to the polls to determine the outcome of the most important election of our lifetime.  We don’t have a minute to waste — and we need your help to win. Chip in: 
Donald Trump promised to be the greatest jobs president God ever created.  Instead, tens of millions of Americans are out of work and we're facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. #PromisesBroken 
We must restore our nation's commitment to humane and effective immigration policies. As president, I'll provide a fair and just system that helps to grow and enhance our economy, and secure our  cherished values. 
There’s a lot happening, but I hope we don’t overlook the brave fire fighters &amp; emergency responders in the wake of Hurricane Laura.  When the storm hit, they stayed behind—even while their homes were being destroyed—to help their community recover.  True American heroes.
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up.  We don’t have that today. We have a president who has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation. And that makes winning the battle for the soul of this nation that much harder. 
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen: 
Team, because of you we had an incredible Super Tuesday. Now, it's time to focus on beating Donald Trump. We can get him out of the White House with your help.  Please chip in a few dollars to help us win this thing:  
If we don’t write the global rules of the road for trade, cyber, climate change, and so much more, they may be written by China or other nations that don’t share our values. #DemDebate
The Vice President is talking to you live from UAW Local 1714 in Warren, Ohio. Tune in now: 
President Trump threatening the mass deportation of immigrants is cruel and un-American. We can fix our broken immigration system and enforce our laws without tossing aside our values. 
Can you chip in five dollars to ensure our volunteers have the materials they need to talk with voters?  Donate here:  
Obamacare was and is a big deal. We can't let Donald Trump tear it down — we have to protect and build on it. 
Mr. President, enough with the weekend golf trips and erratic tweets. It's time for you to get to work and control the spread of this virus. 
America is at its best when we’re OPTIMISTIC and we THINK BIG.
I am not running for office to be King of America. I respect the Constitution. I’ve read the Constitution. I’ve sworn an oath to it many times. I respect the great job so many of this country’s governors — Democratic and Republican — are doing under these horrific circumstances. 
President Obama stood up for you tonight—now it’s your turn. Commit to vote:  #TeamBarack
Dr. Biden spoke in Kansas City, Missouri about the role community colleges play in developing a 21st century workforce: 
This storm will pass, and a new day will come. 
Thank you, Virginia! 
No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a global pandemic. We need to freeze rent for people who lose their jobs and place a ban on evictions immediately. 
Each 9/11, we remember that resilience and courage live in the hearts of all Americans—especially our brave first responders. 18 years later, we reaffirm that Americans will never bend to terrorism, and we will never forget those we lost.
Governor @RicardoRossello's comments are shameful. Hateful language should be given no safe harbor -- regardless of political title. The people of #PuertoRico will be heard, and they will decide who leads their government.
.@CoryBooker is right — this is our moment in history. We need your help to beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. If you’re with us, chip in today:  
Grassroots donations are the backbone of our campaign — and we want to thank you for all your help. So tonight, Senator @ewarren and I are hosting an event that you won’t want to miss.  Chip in to reserve your spot:  
Nicaraguan asylum seekers fleeing oppression deserve to have their cases heard. Instead, they’re being deported back into the tyrannical grip of Daniel Ortega without a chance to pursue their claims.  President Trump’s cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
We may be physically apart, but folks across the country are coming together to check in on their neighbors and thank our front line heroes. Use #SOULSaturday to show how you’re participating today. 
As I’ve said many times, health care is deeply personal to me, like it is for so many Americans. I’m proud to stand with @SEIU1199NW to fight for safe staffing, patient care, and fair pay. 
Donald Trump says he wants to end endless wars in the Middle East, yet he is bringing us dangerously close to starting a new one. 
Slashing Medicaid hurts kids, the elderly, people with disabilities and those struggling with addiction. All for tax breaks for the wealthy.
In every corner of the country, people are raising their voices and demanding justice. It gives me so much hope.  Together, we’re going to transform this nation and ensure justice finally rings out for all.
We currently have insufficient data to eliminate racial &amp; ethnic biases in our criminal justice system. As president, I’ll urge states to add info regarding ethnicity to their data collection to understand how groups—like Latinx—interact with the system. 
New Hampshire, I’m heading your way to talk about our bold vision for the future of the country and how we’ll get it done — together. Head to  to find an event in your community.
I'm the proud husband of a teacher. I've seen firsthand how difficult the job can be in normal times — let alone in the middle of a pandemic. So when I heard Beth's story, I knew @BarackObama and I had to give her a call. 
Find out if you can vote early in your state: 
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands, not once, not twice, but five times.   We need a president who will stand up to the @NRA — not one who stood with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
I’ve seen firsthand how hard America’s teachers and support staff work with little support and few resources. They deserve better. I’m proud to support Chicago’s educators as they fight for fair wages, full staffing, and smaller class sizes.
We have the power to write the future we want for our country — and it starts at the ballot box.   Register to vote today and let’s change the course of history, together. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay 
If we want to make Donald Trump a one-term president, it’s going to take everyone stepping up and pitching in what they can. Will you make a donation before our big public fundraising deadline tonight? 
Thank you for a great weekend, South Carolina! 
Small manufacturers like McGregor Industries demonstrate the resilience, creativity, and staying-power of America’s industrial base.  Together we're going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
“It’s simple, folks. We’re for Medicare; they're for voucher-care. And if they win, people are in trouble.”—VP Biden
In announcing the intent to withdraw from the Open Skies Treaty, President Trump has doubled down on his short-sighted policy of going it alone and abandoning American leadership. 
He’s a confused guy. He doesn’t know who he’s running against. He’s running against Joe Biden.
Donald Trump sold out the Syrian Democratic Forces — the courageous Kurds and Arabs who fought with us to smash ISIS's caliphate — and he betrayed a key local ally in the fight against terrorism. 
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. We can end the politics of division that’s pulling this country apart and move forward again ⁠— but it’s going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part.  Let's get to work. 
Joe spells out why organizing for #Obama2012 now will make all the difference in November: 
America’s farmers continue to pay the price for President Trump’s reckless trade war. He thinks he’s being tough, but it’s easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain.  As president, I’ll stand up to China and help working families. 
If you work hard, you should be able to share in the prosperity. That basic bargain is broken — it's time we restore it for all American workers.  My plan will ensure all workers can bargain for the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve. 
Donald Trump is the most reckless and incompetent Commander-in-Chief we’ve ever had.
This same poll has you losing to me by 7 points. 
The names of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor and Jacob Blake will not soon be forgotten.  Not by me. Not by us. Not by this country.  They’re going to inspire a new wave of justice in America.
This #EarthDay, let’s recommit to doing everything in our power to combat climate change. That starts with voting Donald Trump out of the White House this November.
Donald Trump and Republicans must have forgotten about the 180,000 American lives lost due to COVID-19.  I promise you that, as president, I never will. 
President Obama is standing up for those who serve—join Veterans and Military Families for Obama to stand with him: 
Our firefighters work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. We need a president who supports them and rewards work, not wealth. 
White supremacists and their shameful ideology should have no place in this country in 2019, let alone a voice of sympathy in the United States Congress. 
Joe Biden is a statesman with decades of experience on the world stage who can repair our relationships around the world and is ready to command our armed forces on day one. #DemDebate
Brien usually works at the Ford Plant in Rawsonville, Michigan, driving a semi. But when the plant started assembling much-needed ventilators, he courageously stepped up and volunteered to help. His selfless actions will no doubt save countless lives.
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us.   We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us.   We are a nation exhausted, but we will not allow our exhaustion to defeat us.
I've always believed we're at our best when we act as one America. It's time for us to come together, propel our nation across this turbulent threshold, and build a better future for all.
The president has been behind the curve throughout this whole response. He’s talking about yesterday rather than where we need to be tomorrow. The president needs to stop talking and start rallying government action with the urgency and ambition this moment demands.
Despite overt political pressure from the president, over the last 24 hours, MI, PA, and NV certified their results and the GSA began the transition. Still, President Trump has not conceded.  Here’s the latest from my Senior Advisor and former White House Counsel Bob Bauer. 
Today, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the Trump-backed lawsuit to dismantle the ACA enters a new phase. If Trump and Republican AGs succeed, it’ll mean devastation for our health care system that will cause untold pain and suffering. We can't let that happen. 
William Perry Pendley spent his career fighting to sell off public lands — and to allow drilling, mining, and logging on them with hardly any oversight.   Now the President has nominated him to oversee them at @BLMNational. Consider me opposed. 
There was only one candidate onstage who has flipped a Senator's vote to help pass once-in-a-century health care reform. #DemDebate
We will provide premium-free access to this public option — with the full scope of Medicaid benefits — for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but were denied access by governors and state legislatures. 
Tom Steyer invested $90 million in the nation's largest private prison company — a company that allegedly hog-tied and beat kids in South Carolina. It's despicable.  President Obama and I worked to phase out private prisons — I will fight to get rid of them as president. 
There's been a lot of talk about my vetting process lately. Here’s an inside look: 
There was no one else quite like Barbara Bush. Jill and I — and the entire Biden family — send our heartfelt condolences to the Bush family and our prayers for comfort in a difficult time.  
Every CEO in America should be focusing on workers, families, and communities — not executive compensation and share prices.
“We have an erratic, crazy President who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy.”  #DemDebate
During our Family Town Hall on COVID-19, I was asked what we can do to prevent this from happening again. Here’s where I'd start: 
Ready. 
Together, we’re going to build back better than before and set our nation on a new path. 
To all those who volunteered, worked the polls in the middle of this pandemic, local election officials — you deserve a special thanks from this nation.
We need a president who will bring us together instead of tearing us apart and who will enforce the law faithfully rather than put his own political interests first. 
Let me be clear: If vote-by-mail is good enough for Donald Trump and his administration, then it's good enough for all of us. 
I strongly support the Senate's approval of North Macedonia's NATO membership. The countries of the Western Balkans deserve to be part of a Europe whole, free and at peace and we should be supporting Euro-Atlantic integration across the region.  
Today marks 55 years since the signing of the Civil Rights Act — the landmark piece of legislation that brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise that was made two centuries earlier in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A promise of equality, equity, and fairness for all.
Folks, we’re just three days from Election Day — and what you do between now and when polls close on Tuesday will determine the course of our country for generations to come.   Sign up to help us get voters to the polls: 
We need comprehensive action to combat the coronavirus outbreak. That's why I'm calling for a decisive public health response to curb its spread and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief. 
Folks, the final debate is here. Tune in at 9 PM ET as I go head-to-head with Donald Trump for the last time before Election Day.
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.  I see it from where I came from: Scranton, Pennsylvania.   It's why I'll fight every day as president to make this country work for middle class and low-income Americans — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
In Mississippi — and around the nation — the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing our communities apart. Enough is enough. We can’t go on like this. We have to take on the @NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Happy birthday, President Obama! 
Kids shouldn’t have to worry about their safety while they’re at school. Together — we’ll put an end to our gun violence epidemic. 
Donald Trump should have been pinning a medal on Lt. Col. Vindman — not Rush Limbaugh. #DemDebate
Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength as a nation. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does.
The fight for civil rights is what drove me to get involved in politics in the first place. It's why I fought for and helped secure a 25-year extension of the Voting Rights Act. And it's why as president, I'll immediately sign the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act into law. 
I believe climate change is an existential threat to humanity.  Donald Trump doesn’t even think it exists.  It’s that simple, folks.
Get the facts on the President’s fight to protect early voting in Ohio: 
Donald Trump wants to destroy Obamacare.  I want to protect and build on it.  It’s that simple, folks.
Joe photo of the day: Virginia hearts Joe. 
Millions of people are relying on the workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tomorrow, I’ll be joined by a few of them for a virtual town hall.   Tune in tomorrow at 3PM ET:  
I was in southwestern Pennsylvania with @ConorLambPA last week. Something's changing out there. You can feel the grassroots energy. And that'll beat big money every time. Let's bring this one home. Get out and vote, Pennsylvania. 
The folks on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes. 
Jill and I are keeping the Gulf Coast in our prayers tonight. If you’re in Hurricane Delta’s path, please heed the advice of local officials, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
VP national security speech week: Check out photos from the Vice President’s trip to China last summer. 
The health inequities being exposed by COVID-19 are unconscionable.  We can do better. We have to. 
25 years ago Joe Biden led the fight to pass the Violence Against Women Act and as president he’s going to build on it. #DemDebate    
Mitt Romney’s “convention reinvention”: 
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Now President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of children and families fleeing war, poverty, and violence.  It’s cruel. It’s not who we are. 
“Gov. Romney was a little—how can I say it? Sketchy last night. No details. No specifics.”—VP Biden in Greeley, CO today
Senators Sanders and Warren would put an end to the employer-sponsored and union-negotiated plans that more than 100 million Americans currently have.  That's a non-starter for us.  #DemDebate
Thanks to everyone who pitched in to help this campaign start strong in October: 
At the CNN Town Hall, I was asked what changes in American society I’m proudest of. Here’s what I had to say: 
We can combat climate change. We can end our gun violence epidemic. We can ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care.  It’s all within our reach if we unite this country. There’s not a single thing we cannot do — together.
The next president will inherit a world in disarray. There’s no time for on-the-job training — I’ll be ready on day one.
The decision to allow the Trump Administration to discriminate against immigrants based on wealth is a cruel betrayal of our values. The next four years could have a generational impact on our federal courts — we have to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
Father-daughter campaigning in Florida: 
We're in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, for stop four of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
I believe this nation can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if he’s given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation.  We can’t let that happen. We have to defeat Donald Trump.
Joe Biden tells @Esquiremag what he’s learned so far: 
Had the opportunity to speak with some great folks in Manning, Iowa, today about our new plan to revitalize rural economies. Thank you to everyone who joined us! 
We need to face the facts on climate change: it’s an existential threat and it’s already here. Few cities know that better than Miami.   We must take urgent action to tackle the climate crisis today. 
Had the opportunity to meet some incredible Iowans at yesterday’s parade in Independence. Thank you to everyone who came out to celebrate the #FourthOfJuly and the values that this country stands for. 
Today, the @OECD officially invited Colombia to become its 37th member.  Congratulations to President @JuanManSantos and the people of Colombia for all the hard work you’ve done to create a more prosperous and secure future for your country.
John McCain is the real deal. A model public servant. And my dear friend. I was honored to present him with the 2017 #LibertyMedal tonight.
Scranton, PA gave the VP a warm hometown welcome this week: 
Taylor — Thanks for your support and for speaking out at this crucial moment in our nation’s history.  Election Day is right around the corner — are you ready for it?    
Eight. That’s how many times Donald Trump asked a foreign leader to investigate me and my family.  Why? Because he knows I'll beat him like a drum. 
President Trump is morally unfit to lead our country. 
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we’re going to ensure that everyone comes along. 
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didn’t, and it won’t. American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending.   It's up to all of us to do the hard work to ensure the American ideal finally wins out. 
Not only does the Trump Administration want to take away health coverage for millions in the middle of a pandemic, but now they want to let people go hungry, too. Their cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
States across the nation are passing extreme laws that violate a woman’s constitutional right to choose. These bills are a blatant attempt to overturn Roe v Wade. It's wrong. It's pernicious. We must #StopTheBans and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
You know better than anybody else what works best for your family. That’s why my health care plan starts with a choice: you can stick with private coverage, including quality plans that unions have negotiated, or you can go with a new public option. 
Impeachment is not "lynching," it is part of our Constitution. Our country has a dark, shameful history with lynching, and to even think about making this comparison is abhorrent. It's despicable. 
My administration will not cut Social Security or Medicare benefits. Period. We’ll expand them. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is saying he would consider sacrificing seniors' benefits to protect tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and big companies. We have to defeat him in November. 
UV light? Injecting disinfectant?  Here’s an idea, Mr. President: more tests. Now. And protective equipment for actual medical professionals. 
The clean energy economy of the future presents an enormous opportunity. President Biden will create 10 million well-paying jobs in the United States that will grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class in communities across the country. #ClimateTownHall
Julián — I made a promise to George's family that he wouldn't just become another hashtag. We're going to tackle this head on — and we're going to need your help to do it. Grateful for your support. 
West Virginia — in-person early voting is now open across the state.   Make a plan to vote at 
We need a president who will expand access to quality, affordable health care — not rip it away.
Together, we will defeat Donald Trump. 
My favorite part of running for president is talking with people about their lives. So my team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us.   If you want to grab dinner, chip in today: 
Thank you to everyone at our town hall discussion in Charleston, South Carolina, for your thoughtful questions on ending gun violence, combating the opioid epidemic, and ensuring every American has access to quality, affordable health care. 
Judy, from itsJudysLife, asked an important question during our Family Town Hall on COVID-19: What extra precautions should expectant mothers be taking at this time?  Listen to what former U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy had to say: 
Listening to folks and discussing how we can make their lives better. It’s what our Build Back Better Express Tour is all about — and it’s what I’ll do every day as your president. 
We are in a battle for the soul of the nation.   The forces of darkness, the forces of division, the forces of yesterday are pulling us apart, holding us down, and holding us back.  We must free ourselves of all of them.
I believe there is not a single thing we cannot accomplish as a country if we do it together. 
We will make Donald Trump a one-term president.
We need a president who is not only ready to fight but is also ready to heal this country — and that’s exactly what I’ll do as president. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to do when we do it together.
I’m proud to stand with Uber and Lyft drivers across the country today. Every worker in this country deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
VP: “I’ve got news for Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan: Gentlemen, it has never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people.”
You can't deal with the economic crisis until you deal with the public health crisis. It's a false choice. 
On this week’s episode of Here’s the Deal, Senator @AmyKlobuchar joins me for a discussion on how COVID-19 has impacted her family and what drove her to get involved in politics.  Listen to the full episode at:  
I’ll be taking the stage at 9PM ET on June 27 for the first Democratic debate!  We’re organizing debate watch parties in every corner of the country for the big night and need your help. Sign up to host one in your community: 
Ignore the polls, ignore his tweets, ignore his obnoxious debate performance.  We have to stay focused. We have to win.  Chip in to help us do it: 
Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on the birth of their baby boy! The truth is there’s no better job than being a parent. Jill and I wish you the best of luck on your next chapter.
Today, we celebrate Journeyman Lineman Recognition Day and the work @IBEW does to keep lineworkers safe. These brave men and women do the hard work of powering America’s electric grid, economy, and future. Our country can't function without the important work they do.
Imagine the future we can create with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where we:  - Tackle the climate crisis - Build a new American economy - End our gun violence epidemic - Ensure our government works for all, not just the wealthy few
Two tweets from the same day in October. 
You and I can change the course of history.  Vote:  
A #FF this week for @ObamaInaugural—everything you need to know for President Obama and VP Biden’s inauguration on January 21, 2013.
Out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again. We will not be defeated.
At every turn, President Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people — and we’re all paying the price every single day. 
One week until Election Day. Don’t let up now.
“We’re just so incredibly proud of you.”—VP Biden during a Thanksgiving celebration with wounded warriors yesterday
RT @VP: VP Biden: "No woman should be victimized purely because someone else had more physical power or more economic power" #VAWA
To make progress, we have to stop treating our opponents as enemies. We are not enemies.
Maine — there are only five days left to vote early in-person for @SaraGideon and Democrats up and down the ballot.  Sara has been a relentless champion for Mainers, and electing her is key to flipping the Senate — but we can’t do it without you.  Vote: 
This is the most important election in our lifetimes — and you have the power to make all the difference.  Vote. 
The United States should be standing up for freedom and standing with the people of Hong Kong. Instead, Trump has said he's “standing with Xi Jinping.” That's weak. We need to be strong on values when it comes to China. That's what I'll do as president. 
Jill &amp; I were thrilled to be there today to watch our amazing granddaughter Maisy graduate. Maisy, you make us so proud &amp; we can’t wait to see what you do next with your talent, smarts, dedication and kindness. The future is yours, and Nana &amp; Pop will always be right behind you. 
The health care workers on the frontlines of this fight are some of the greatest heroes our nation has ever seen. 
Donald Trump will say over and over that the economy is on the ballot this year. It is. But America’s character is on the ballot too. And despite what Trump says, we don’t have to choose one or the other.  We can be a good country with a good economy. 
Pitch in $5 now to make sure this campaign stays strong all the way to a win in November: 
FACT: Romney’s only solution to lower gas prices is to drill for more oil—yet he opposes vehicle standards that will save money at the pump.
Filipino-American History Month is an important opportunity to honor the rich history of the Filipino-American community, including the legacy of brave Filipino veterans who fought in World War II, and all the ways they strengthen our nation.
Climate change is the existential challenge that will define our future as a country. Tune in as I discuss the wildfires up and down the West Coast — and how I'll tackle the climate crisis head-on and create millions of good-paying jobs: 
.@BeauBiden: Paul Ryan “left the door wide open” for putting additional troops in Afghanistan. 
Watch me. 
VP in Detroit yesterday: “Much of what they told you at their convention is simply, as they say in my old neighborhood, not on the level.”
Iowa, we’re heading your way next week and hope to see you there! Go to  to RSVP to an event in your community.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is, we have to let them know who we are. We choose hope over fear. Truth over lies. And unity over division. 
Our hearts are broken for the family of Walter Wallace Jr., and for all those suffering the emotional weight of learning about another Black life in America lost.  Walter’s life mattered. 
.@DrBiden calls community colleges America’s best kept secret — she's right. A Biden administration will invest in these institutions, providing every American with two years of community college or other high-quality training programs without debt.
What kind of leader taunts their own people as they prepare for a natural disaster?   Puerto Rico deserves the full support and aid of our government as Hurricane Dorian approaches. 
Be a patriot. Protect your fellow citizens. Wear a mask.
Thank you Tom and Christie Vilsack for your support. Together, we will win Iowa and move this country forward. 
I just got off the stage where I shared my bold vision for our future built on uniting our country. Because I know if we work together, there’s nothing we can’t do.  Let's keep our momentum going. If you liked what you heard tonight, text JOE to 30330 and let's get to work. 
The Senate passed a major economic relief package late last night. It's a very important step, but the key is how it will be executed. If I were President, here's how I'd make it work: 
“Our plan focuses first on education—100,000 new science and math teachers in the next 10 years.”—VP Biden in Eau Claire, WI
Our gun and domestic violence epidemics are linked — and we must take action to end them both. Leader McConnell should allow a vote on the House-passed VAWA reauthorization to close loopholes and keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous individuals. 
"These guys… seem to be carbon copies of each other." —VP Biden on Ron Johnson and Donald Trump. #votebluewi
The climate emergency requires our urgent action. As president, I will:  - Ensure we achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by 2050 - Rejoin the #ParisAgreement and rally the world to go further - Make the largest-ever investment in clean energy
.@JayInslee brought an important voice to this race, arguing powerfully that climate change damages our health, national security &amp; economy. The people of Washington are fortunate to have a Governor who fights to make their lives better now &amp; to protect our planet for the future.
Thank you, Michigan! 
We have to speak out, and speak loudly, about violations of human rights. #DemDebate 
There’s no quit in America. None at all. We’re going to get through this — and we're going to come out stronger.
Take it from those who have been there - Trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president: 
Folks, it all comes down to this. We’re just a few hours away from our final end-of-quarter deadline before Election Day — and we need your help to hit our goal.  It’s now or never. Chip in to help us beat Donald Trump: 
William Perry Pendley has no business working at @blmnational and I'm happy to see his nomination to lead it withdrawn. In a Biden Administration, folks who spend their careers selling off public lands won't get anywhere near being tapped to protect them. 
“We see a future where everyone—everyone, rich and poor—does their part and has a part.”—VP Biden
Ten years ago today at Fort Hood. Two years ago in Sutherland Springs. In total, 39 lives taken because of our gun violence epidemic. We must honor the memory of those we lost with concrete action on gun safety reform.
Virginia for Obama-Biden: 
We are in a battle for the soul of our nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White House.
Dr. Biden knows our students deserve a President who’s committed to their education—join her as an Educator for Obama: 
Jill and I are keeping everyone in the path of Hurricane Isaias in our prayers. We must ensure that our fellow Americans, in Puerto Rico and across the East Coast, get the support they need. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
❤️ 
Your vote can change the course of history — don’t wait to cast it.  Vote early today: 
Folks, I just stepped off the debate stage, and I’ve never been more fired up and ready to win this election.  Now, I need your help — chip in to keep tonight’s momentum going through Election Day: 
DC should be a state. Pass it on. 
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. At every turn, he has used the power of the presidency to benefit his own personal interests. It has got to end.  I'll ensure our government works for all Americans — not just the powerful.
Black lives matter. No president should be afraid to say it. 
It’s up to every generation to do the work to protect and perfect our democracy. #TeamJoe 
As we recognize Juneteenth and the progress we’ve made since slavery, we must also double down on our efforts to root out systemic racism. We have to make sure we’re working to move closer to that more perfect union, to the idea of America that has inspired so many generations.
Donald Trump claimed he would be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."  Instead, he's on track to become the worst jobs president in 100 years.
"They said we'd never make more than 6 million cars a year again. We made 17 million last year!" -VP Biden
Today, the American people will choose the next president. Tune in as my campaign manager @jomalleydillon and campaign adviser Bob Bauer give another update on what you can expect as voting continues. 
To do this weekend: Bring home the win for VP Biden and @BarackObama. Here’s how you’ll do it: 
Under the Biden administration, labor and environmental groups will be at the table to negotiate trade agreements. Period. 
Thank you to the women of @TheView for the conversation today. It’s always a pleasure to sit down with you at the table. #TheView   Credit: ABC/Lorenzo Bevilaqua 
If you have DACA status, and it expires within the year, it’s critical that you renew as soon as possible to protect your status until we find a permanent solution.  DREAMers are Americans — and it’s time we make it official. #HomeIsHere 
Imagine a day in the not too distant future when you can enjoy a dinner out with your friends, a night at the movies, or when you can celebrate your birthday, wedding, or graduation surrounded by your nearest and dearest.  We can get there — together. 
VP Biden in IA: “The President has brought more trade cases against China in one term than the Bush administration did in eight years.”
This wasn’t the right word to use and I’m sorry about that. Trump on the other hand chose his words deliberately today in his use of the word lynching and continues to stoke racial divides in this country daily. 
What he said. 
The U.S. Postal Service is an essential pillar of American life. We simply cannot let Donald Trump destroy it. 
It’s time to put away the harsh rhetoric.  To lower the temperature.  To see each other again.  To listen to each other again.
This Tuesday, we have the opportunity to set an example for the nation  and turn the Virginia state legislature blue. But only if everyone turns out to vote:  
Climate change is a global crisis that requires a global response. Sign this petition if you think the United States should rejoin the Paris Agreement: 
If I'm elected, I won't wait to take action on COVID-19.  Minutes after the race is called, I’ll call Dr. Fauci and ask him to stay on.  During my transition, I’ll bring together experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.  We will overcome this, together.
We know what President Trump thinks of our nation's veterans. Here is what they think of him. 
Las políticas de inmigración del presidente Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana y todo lo que representamos como nación. Por esto hay que acabar con ellas. 
Our plan will stand up to the abuse of power by prescription drug corporations and take concrete steps to lower drug prices for Americans. Because no one should have to choose between putting food on the table or filling their prescription. 
I can’t believe I have to say this: We should not deport children seeking treatment in the U.S. for life-threatening illnesses. 
I've spent my entire life bringing people together to get big, difficult things done. And I intend to do that as your president — unifying our country at the moment we need it most. There’s no limit to what we could do if we come together. 
We must once more harness that power and rally the Free World to meet the challenges facing our world today—and it falls to the United States of America to do it.  No other nation has the capacity. No other nation is built on that idea—that promise. And it’s in our self-interest.
Thank you, Maine! 
We’re bringing together supporters across the country for the first Democratic debate! Head to  to RSVP to a watch party in your community. 
Hate didn’t begin with Donald Trump, and it won’t end with him. But this is a defining moment in our nation’s history. A moment where we are once again called to fight against the same forces of hate and intolerance that we've battled throughout history. 
The Trump Administration says "the entire ACA must fall."  They are arguing to strip millions of Americans of health care in the middle of a pandemic.  We can't let him win. 
Every day it becomes clearer, the core values of our nation — our very democracy — are at risk with President Trump in the White House.  We must hold Trump accountable. We cannot let him get away with shredding our Constitution.
On #HolocaustMemorialDay and the 75th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, we honor the millions of Jews and other victims whose lives were extinguished by the Nazi regime. Today and every day, we must give hate no safe harbor to ensure such atrocities never again occur.
Wealthy special interests and corporations have dominated our politics for far too long.  It’s time we overturn Citizens United and create a public financing system for our elections.
A nation united.  A nation strengthened.  A nation healed.  The United States of America.
Climate is on the ballot. If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action now to address the climate crisis, our planet may never recover. 
From my basement to your sneaker room. Tune in Thursday at 11 PM ET on @SHODesusAndMero to watch! 
January 2011: VP Biden travels with Gen. David Petraeus aboard a Chinook helicopter in Afghanistan. 
Pitch in $5 before midnight to power this campaign when it matters most:  
Among those Romney disdained: “The 78-year-old widow living on Social Security and Medicare, which she worked her whole life to earn.”
I’m happy to report that Jill and I have tested negative for COVID. Thank you to everyone for your messages of concern. I hope this serves as a reminder: wear a mask, keep social distance, and wash your hands.
Grateful for the hard work these folks put in every day on the ground in Iowa. #WingDing 
We must get these weapons of war out of our communities. #NoMalarkey 
All aboard! Tune in as @DrBiden and I kick off our train tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania. 
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to expand the number of testing sites and surge the number of tests. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and finding a way out of this crisis. 
Senator Sanders thinks corporations will give the money they would have spent on health care back to their workers. #DemDebate  Joe Biden: 
One in five women will still be victims of rape or attempted rape in their lifetimes. On average, three women a day are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends. Nothing is more urgent than reauthorizing and expanding the law that makes women safer.
It took the courage and determination of generations of African Americans who refused to wither in the face of racism and intolerance. Their resolve fundamentally changed the character of our nation for the better.
We’re live in a few minutes to talk about how @BidenCancer will bring renewed urgency to the fight against cancer: 
This week @bidenfoundation submitted a comment to the Department of Education about proposed changes to #TitleIX guidance.  These new rules would endanger students and make it harder for survivors of sexual assault to seek justice. 
I welcome the House’s passage of H Res 296, which recognizes and condemns the Armenian Genocide of 1915-23. By acknowledging this genocide we honor the memory of its victims and vow: never again.
Civil rights was one of the things that got me engaged in politics. Six years after Shelby County v. Holder, voting rights are under attack across the country. And that’s one of the reasons I’m running for president today.  We must renew our efforts to protect the right to vote. 
“We expanded the number of children able to attend college—6 million to 9 million just since we've come to office—because of Pell Grants.”
Times of crisis often bring out our best. There are so many stories of good happening around the world amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Take a minute to read a few: 
There is nothing more powerful than folks coming together and using their voices to inspire change. We're hosting a grassroots concert to get people to the polls across the country, and I hope you’ll join us.  Chip in any amount to reserve your spot:  
President Trump and his administration may have quit on the American people — but I can promise you I never will. 
In an hour, I’ll take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. As I’ve said from day one, I’m running for president for three reasons: to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.
“A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about your dignity. It is about your place in the community.”—VP Biden in Detroit today
Mayor @PeteButtigieg’s campaign had a set of “rules of the road” that helped define the character of his campaign and his supporters. I think it’s a good idea, and one I’d like @TeamJoe to adopt.
I spent the afternoon attending briefings on the ongoing COVID-19 crisis and the state of the economy. Tune in as I provide an update on these briefings and efforts to count every vote. 
Something is happening in Virginia. 
VP Biden: “Just look at the facts. President Obama has increased the benefits available to people on Medicare today by the action he took.”
At 11:00 AM ET, I’ll be speaking at the 16th Street Baptist Church memorial service to commemorate the lives we lost 56 years ago. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise: 
The video is clear: Ahmaud Arbery was killed in cold blood. My heart goes out to his family, who deserve justice and deserve it now. It is time for a swift, full, and transparent investigation into his murder. 
.@PennBiden @Penn Join me as I discuss foreign policy with @Penn president Amy Gutmann. @PennBiden 
President Trump campaigned on repairing our nation’s crumbling infrastructure. But after countless “Infrastructure Weeks,” he has failed to deliver results. It has to change.  Today, I'm calling for a transformational investment in our nation's future: 
Fundamentally, this is about whose side the government is on and whether it is accountable to the American people. This is a case I will continue to make, and if elected president will deliver on. 
In 100 days, we’re going to make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
President Trump’s entire re-election strategy is based on fear and hatred of migrants — this is just the latest example.  We can enforce our immigration laws with dignity — and fix the asylum system so that it is both fair to those who need protection and deters those who do not.
Four years ago today, 49 lives were cut short in an act of unspeakable terrorism at Pulse nightclub. As we remember those we lost — including so many in the LGBTQ+ and Hispanic communities — we have to double down on our efforts to #HonorThemWithAction. 
We can't afford four more years of a president who denies the scientific evidence in front of his eyes. We must get Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is. 
Receiving the Medal of Freedom from my friend @BarackObama was a great, great honor. I'm proud to have dedicated my life to serving this country — but I'm not done yet. 
It has been 186 days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill.    @Senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and the Senate should pass it immediately.   Lives are at stake.
No one should live in fear of being fired because of who they are or whom they love. We must stand up to President Trump’s relentless attacks on LGBTQ rights and continue the fight for full equality—because every American deserves to live open, proud, and free. #RiseUpOct8
It’s the biggest #Obama2012 weekend of action yet, and it kicks off tomorrow. Find an event near you: 
Increased testing isn’t the reason for the surge in coronavirus cases — Donald Trump's failed leadership is. 
The only way someone like Mitt Romney beats someone like Barack Obama is if we don't step it up when it really matters: 
Vice President Pence claimed success because COVID-19 deaths are “down to” fewer than 750 a day.  That's more than 20,000 a month — and they're self-congratulating? Unbelievable.  It may be good enough for President Trump, but it will never be acceptable if I am President. 
On this date in 2009, Sonia Sotomayor was sworn in as the Supreme Court’s 111th justice: 
In both clear language and in code, this president has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this nation.
VP Biden made a cameo on Jeopardy last night: 
A Biden-Harris administration will:  - Implement nationwide mask mandates - Ensure access to regular, reliable, and free testing - Accelerate the development and distribution of safe and effective treatments and vaccines  We won’t waste any time getting this virus under control.
Because of Donald Trump's negligence and incompetence:   - More than 110,000 people have died - We have nearly 2 million cases of COVID-19 - Over 20 million Americans are out of work   And yet he’s patting himself on the back. Unbelievable.
I know many folks are feeling anxious and worried. I just want you to know that you're not alone. Americans in every corner of the country are feeling the same exact way you are. We may be physically apart, but we are all in this together — and we will overcome this. I promise.
My heart and Jill's go out to the people of Midland, Michigan, experiencing another crisis in the midst of this pandemic. 
As president, I will embrace:  Hope, not fear. Peace, not violence. Generosity, not greed. Light, not darkness.   I will be a president who appeals to the best in us. Not the worst.
President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put a corporate bailout ahead of families. It's simply wrong. We need to be focused on helping hardworking Americans, communities, and small businesses — not handing big corporations a blank check. 
Growing this campaign from the ground up—talking to voters about the issues that matter most to them—is how we win: 
Tonight, the Avengers are assembling with real-life superhero @KamalaHarris for a grassroots fundraiser.  Time is running out to join them. Chip in to reserve your spot:  
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.  If you’re with me, join us as we launch our campaign in Philadelphia this Saturday:  
I’m running as a proud Democrat. But I will be an American president.
If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation.  We can’t let that happen.
Let’s get to work. MT @TheDemocrats: Add your voice to President Obama's:  
Donald Trump will always fight for his wealthy and well-connected friends. I’ll always fight for you.
I believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success — not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd.
President Obama and Vice President Biden are proud to accept today’s endorsement of the National Association of Police Organizations.
“Russia, if you’re listening…”  “I would like you to do us a favor…” to Ukraine’s president  “China should start an investigation.”  Our President has asked three foreign powers to intervene in our elections on his behalf — and those are just the ones we know about! #DemDebate
Dr. Biden: “I want to make sure that all our veterans—and their families—get the benefits they have earned and the respect they deserve.”
This crisis requires a national response. Not just from our elected leaders, or public health officials—but from all of us. We must follow the guidance of the @CDCgov and health officials and take appropriate precautions to protect ourselves and, critically, to protect others.
The live stream of VP Biden’s foreign policy speech kicks off at 10:30am ET—watch at 
I joined @PeterHamby on @Snapchat’s Good Luck America to discuss everything from memes to stimulus oversight. Head to  to watch the interview today, Thursday, and Friday.
For months, the Trump Administration was repeatedly warned about the threat COVID-19 posed to our nation. They ignored the experts, failed to take action, and now Americans are paying the price. 
Look, I’ve been the object of Donald Trump’s affection now more than anyone else on this stage. I’ve taken all the hits he’s delivered, and I’m only getting stronger in the polls. #DemDebate
Donald Trump either read his daily briefings and ignored the warnings, or didn't read them at all. Either way, it's a complete and unjustifiable dereliction of duty. 
Let me be clear: The voters should pick a President, and that President should select a successor to Justice Ginsburg.
The Senate and this President should pass the bill to restore the Voting Rights Act — renamed yesterday in memory of John Lewis.  If they don’t, it will be one of the first things I do as president.
Nearly 100,000 lives have been lost, and tens of millions are out of work.  Meanwhile, the president spent his day golfing. 
The brave people of Hong Kong deserve the full support of the United States as they demand the civil liberties and autonomy promised to them. Violent suppression is unacceptable. The world is watching. 
Every kid deserves a quality education and every family deserves to live in a safe, healthy community. That's why I support the California #SchoolsAndCommunitiesFirst initiative that will make corporations pay their fair share and invest in our communities to help them thrive.
I’m honored to have Congressman Clyburn’s vote — now, I’m asking for yours.  Get out and vote, South Carolina:  
On this first day of Ramadan, Jill and I wish peace and happiness to Muslims around the world celebrating the holy month. Ramadan Kareem.
.@SpeakerPelosi tiene razón. Trump y los Republicanos deberían dejar de jugar a la política y apoyar TPS para los Venezolanos ya. 
There are only 30 days until Election Day — but in many states, you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to make your voice heard. Head to  and make a plan to vote early today.
We have to do more to ease the economic burden on working people. So today, I'm adopting two new policies to help deliver relief. As president, I will:  - Lower Medicare eligibility to age 60 - Forgive student debt for low-income and middle class families 
We owe a debt of gratitude to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, transportation workers, public safety officials, and everyone working around the clock to keep our country running. Thank you, thank you, thank you for all you’re doing.
LGBTQ rights are human rights. Uganda's proposed new law is inhumane. Using religion or culture to license discrimination is never justifiable. Period. 
Every American deserves to retire with dignity. But today, too many people — especially older Americans — cannot afford their prescription drugs. I sat down with AARP to discuss how I’ll stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and lower costs for Americans. 
It’s not how a president should speak. It’s not how a president should behave. Most of all, it’s not what a president should believe. We’re better than this.
The story of this campaign has had its ups and downs, but through its course we’ve brought our party and nation together. Now, it’s time for the final chapter.  Let’s do this. 
Folks, the Avengers are coming back together for their biggest battle yet. Join them and @KamalaHarris tomorrow night for a grassroots fundraiser you won’t want to miss:  
We’ve got to choose truth over lies — and that starts with getting Donald Trump out of the White House. 
John and I have been friends for 40 years. He's gotten through so much difficulty with so much grace. He is strong - and he will beat this.
I support @McCreadyForNC because of his honorable service to our nation &amp; because of his values: he'll fight to protect North Carolinian’s health care &amp; take on prescription drug companies.  If his opponent has his way, 44,000 people in #NC09 stand to lose their health coverage.
In light of Donald Trump's inhumane reversal of protections for transgender people, I want to share a conversation I had a few weeks ago. Adi deserves to be treated with the same respect and dignity as anyone else. Period. 
The voter registration deadline is today in several states. Make sure your vote counts this fall: 
America can’t sit on the sidelines in the race for the future. My administration will invest $300 billion in research and development over four years to secure our global leadership and create millions of good-paying jobs. 
Empathy matters. I think it's important — not only for leaders — but for everybody to treat people with respect. 
It will also include premium-free access to this public option for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but have been denied access to it by governors and state legislatures who have refused the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.
The office of the presidency comes with the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Every great president throughout our history has met that duty with the leadership it demands. Donald Trump has not. 
I'm about to take the stage from Philadelphia. Tune in to watch live: 
In case you missed it: Check out VP Biden’s take on last night’s debate. 
Make no mistake: COVID-19 has caused a massive economic challenge. But this crisis hit us harder, and will last longer, because Donald Trump spent the last three years undermining the core pillars of our economic strength. 
On behalf of Jill and our entire family, I want to wish the Korean-American community a happy Chuseok. May your celebrations be filled with laughter, joy, and plenty of good food. 행복한 한가위 보내세요!
The President made it clear: The only way we believe we can build an economy that lasts is through a middle class that prospers. –Joe
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. It’s got to end.  We must restore integrity to our government and ensure our elected officials work for all Americans — not just the powerful. 
We are truly in a battle for the soul of our nation, and it’s up to all of us to stand up and reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day. 
Pope Francis is absolutely right. As a nation, we have a moral obligation to ensure everyone has access to the care they need. Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few. 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He must be impeached. #DemDebate 
"At the end of the day, it's about sitting down with your kid and being able to say, 'it's going to be okay.'"—VP Biden at #NABJ2012
Folks, tomorrow marks the first-ever #VoteEarlyDay.  Make your plan to vote early:   And then sign up to help get people across the country to vote early as well:  
Tune in as I address the nation on the state of the race. 
Especially now, when so many communities are struggling with opioid addiction, the bill's drastic cuts to Medicaid are cruel.
The @TeamJoe energy outside of the #NHDems2020 convention was incredible! 
You shouldn’t be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for. Period. 
The American people deserve transparency from their leaders, it's why as of today, I've released 22 years of my tax returns. 
Join us as we host a roundtable with Congresswoman Veronica Escobar to commemorate the anniversary of the El Paso Massacre: 
On day one, I’ll send a bill to Congress creating a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and the 11 million undocumented people already strengthening our nation. It’s long overdue. 
The workers on the front lines of this crisis are risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. 
This is my promise to you: When I am President, I will take care of your health care coverage and your family the same way I would my own. 
“I will wake up every single day fighting for you as hard as I know how.”—President Obama speaking in Cincinnati today
After months of competing against each other in the primary, @EWarren, @PeteButtigieg, @CoryBooker, @JulianCastro, @AmyKlobuchar, and I know each other pretty well. Watch them break down the latest presidential debate: 
When the virus came, President Trump wasn’t thinking about you, he was thinking about his own reelection.  It’s how Trump looks at the world: It’s always about him, never about us.  You deserve a president who will put you first.
The U.S. is the strongest nation in the world not just because of the example of our power, but also because of the power of our example.  That’s what has always set us apart on the world stage, and that’s something Donald Trump will never understand. 
We can’t take four more years of Donald Trump. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, it’s going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action.  Text JOIN to 30330 and let’s get to work. 
COVID-19 is affecting the entire nation, but the impact doesn’t look the same for everyone. I'm hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women — and I'll be joined by special guest Hillary Clinton. Tune in now to watch: 
I don’t look at this the way Donald Trump does — blue states or red states. They’re all the United States.
During today’s Senate Banking Committee hearing, Secretary @StevenMnuchin1 refused to require corporations benefiting from $500 billion in CARES Act funds to keep workers on their payrolls. @EWarren asked him several times, each time he ducked and refused.
Missouri — today is your last day to register to vote online, in person, or by mail.  Don’t miss your opportunity to help determine the future of this country. Head to  and get registered today.
My wife Jill always reminds me that any country that out-educates us will out-compete us. Our teachers must have the resources they need &amp; the wages they deserve so that America will continue to lead the world. Great speech today on this from @rweingarten. 
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. 
I’m running for president to offer our country a different path — not back to a past that never was — but to a future that fulfills our true promise as a nation.
The Iraq war was a strategic mistake that cost the U.S. dearly. As President, @JoeBiden will use military power responsibly, and never commit our forces to a conflict without fully preparing for the consequences. #DemDebate
Presidents are supposed to lead by example — and every day Donald Trump proves how incapable he is of doing that. 
This is truly the most important election of our lifetime. If we want to defeat Donald Trump, it’s going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action.  Join our team today and let’s get to work: 
This moment demands that we choose:  Hope over fear Unity over division Truth over lies Science over fiction
I've been fighting to protect — and expand — Social Security for my whole career. Any suggestion otherwise is just flat-out wrong. 
When it comes to health care, many Americans can't afford to wait for far off promises. Obamacare's open enrollment begins today. Head to  to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. #GetCovered
Thanks for a great trip, Minnesota! Don’t forget that early voting is now open across the state. Head to  to make your plan to vote today. 
As the Hindu festival of Navratri begins, Jill and I send our best wishes to all those celebrating in the U.S. and around the world. May good once again triumph over evil — and usher in new beginnings and opportunity for all.
Trump is only reinstating “targeted” funds to Central America. I support full restoration of bipartisan funding to address root causes of the migration crisis—including the development aid proven to reduce violence and migration. Law enforcement alone is not enough. 
As president, I would press for dialogue to prevent further violence and instability. Investing in Haiti’s prosperity and security is in the national security interest of the United States.
It’s been five years since 20 first-graders and 6 educators were murdered by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Their families continue to inspire me with their courage in turning tragedy into purpose. 
Dr. B: “The President and the Vice President know how important it is for women to be able to make our own decisions about our health care.”
The Iowa caucus is just two days away, and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible before Monday night. Head to  to make calls into Iowa from wherever you are in the country.
When we have a coronavirus vaccine ready to go, it should be made widely available, free of charge. Period.
Folks, today marks two months until Election Day. That means we have just two months to do everything we can to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation.  Chip in to help us win in November: 
- Expand vote-by-mail and early voting - Implement online voter registration - Ensure everyone can safely vote in-person  We need to do everything in our power to ensure every American can safely make their voice heard this November.
This primary has brought out our party's best ideas, and our nation is better for it. If I'm President, I'll continue to bring the best ideas from all corners of the country and fight to make them reality. To see these plans, you can go to my website: 
“I know the guy next door doesn't recognize it, but we actually did rescue the automobile industry and save a million jobs.”—VP in Wisconsin
More than 230,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 –– and Donald Trump has given up on trying to get the virus under control.  He may have quit on you, but I promise I never will.
President Trump doesn’t want a second term. He wants a do-over.  As he takes the stage tonight, remember: he alone is responsible for the chaos in our country.  Together, we can stop it. 
We are living through a battle for the soul of this nation. 
Yet again, Donald Trump has demonstrated that he is more concerned with a photo op for himself than getting results for the American people. He has repeatedly elevated Kim Jong Un — a murderous tyrant — on the international stage in exchange for almost nothing.
We have to take on the epidemic of violence against the transgender community — especially trans women of color. Ten trans women have been killed violently in 2019 so far.  We must stand up, speak out, and put an end to this hate. 
Donald Trump is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. After four years of his self-made chaos, we'll need a president who is ready to clean up the mess on day one. 
A man whose erratic tweets send markets spiraling downward should not be sitting in the Oval Office. 
We are not a country that detains migrant children indefinitely or denies them access to soap, toothbrushes, or beds.  We are a country that welcomes those in search of a better life—the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free.  Trump doesn't get that. 
Estoy con el pueblo de Puerto Rico, nuestros conciudadanos, en este momento de necesidad. Es inconcebible que gran parte del arduo trabajo de la recuperación ante desastres aún no se haya hecho. Tenemos que ofrecer apoyo concreto a Puerto Rico antes de que se pierdan más vidas. 
VP Biden on Romney: “The President has a new term for this sort of ability to change your mind so quickly. He calls it #Romnesia.”
Climate change doesn’t only threaten our environment — it threatens our economy, health, and national security. We must take urgent action to address this crisis before it’s too late. 
The VP is pro-selfie. RT @igorbobic: Biden taking a selfie with Mark Warner's daughter for her Instagram account 
We need to restore integrity to the office of the Presidency. And it's time we got that underway. #DemDebate 
George Floyd’s last words, “I can’t breathe,” have echoed across our nation and around the world.  For the President to try to put any other words in his mouth is frankly despicable. 
Don't throw away your shot to spend Friday night with the original cast of Hamilton. Chip in today to reserve your spot:  
I taught constitutional law for a long time and here's the deal: No amendment is absolute. There are limits.  Common-sense reforms like background checks and a ban on assault weapons are not a violation of the Second Amendment. Period.
In America, health care should be a right for all — not a privilege for the few. My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will expand coverage, lower costs, and ensure every American receives the care they need. 
We have to heal this nation. 
I’ve seen the selfless heroism of firefighters firsthand — they run toward danger and risk their lives every single day for strangers. On International Firefighters' Day, I extend my deepest gratitude to all the men and women who keep our communities safe.
We need a president who believes in science and listens to someone other than himself.
Today, the Affordable Care Act is back in the courts — putting the health care of millions of Americans at risk. It’s clear some will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we’ve made. 
Folks, it’s go-time. There are just 10 days left until Election Day, and we need your help.   Chip in $10 to help bring this across the finish line: 
To support more Black and Brown small businesses, my administration will launch a new Small Business Opportunity Initiative. We're going to make sure that those with the best ideas are not denied the venture capital or financing they need because of their race or zip code.
.@BarackObama and I have seen the office of the presidency up close, we know what the job entails, and there's too much at stake to give Donald Trump another four years.  Vote:  
VP on the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan: “You’d have to reach into your pocket and come up with another $6,400 a year.”
To everyone who is scared, hurting, and wondering what's going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I hear you. And I'll fight for you every single day in the White House. 
Here’s my promise to you: On day one, I’ll send a bill to Congress that creates a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and 11 million undocumented people who are already strengthening our nation. It’s long overdue.
Elections are happening today in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois. I encourage folks to vote by mail or curbside vote if you can. If you vote in person, please wash your hands, don’t touch your face, and stay 6’ from others in line. Learn more: 
La emergencia climática que enfrentamos no solo afecta nuestro medio ambiente, sino que también amenaza nuestra salud, seguridad nacional y bienestar económico. Necesitamos tomar medidas urgentes y drásticas para abordarlo ya, lo que haré como presidente.
It’s not political.  It’s patriotic.  Wear a mask. Period.
Debate Night #2 is in the books.  #DemDebate 
The nation is crying out for leadership — leadership that can unite us and bring us together. But this president has nothing to offer. 
Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections.  Overturn Citizens United and end dark money groups.  Ban lobbyists from donating to candidates they lobby.  It's time we ensure our government works for the people — not just the powerful.
VP: “There’s no country better positioned to lead the world in the 21st century than the U.S., but only if we stay on the course we’re on.”
America's teachers and school personnel have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources to educate our kids. That'll change in my administration.  Thank you @AFTunion and @rweingarten!
Eleven. That's how many times we've broken the single-day record for new COVID-19 cases in the last month.  This virus isn't going to "just disappear" like President Trump wants. It's surging — and we need real leadership from this White House to slow its spread.
To the teacher who inspires me every day, and all the other amazing teachers changing lives, Happy #NationalTeachersDay! 
Tonight, we saw what it means to be commander in chief. Vision—courage—a steady hand. -Joe
“He’s directed his entire administration to make the needs of military families a priority.”—Dr. Biden on President Obama
Two years after Trump's Singapore meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, the U.S. and our allies are less safe and Kim's arsenal of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles keeps growing. Photo-ops and love letters are no substitute for deterrence and principled diplomacy. 
There was only one candidate onstage who stood at President Obama’s side to lead a nation out of a recession and put middle-class Americans back to work. #DemDebate
I'm on my way up to a rally at #StopandShop in Boston to stand with some of the 31,000 @UFCW union members who are currently fighting against cuts to wages and health care for themselves and their families. Stand with us: 
Our men &amp; women in uniform are the heart, the soul, and the spine of this nation. Today we remember those among them who gave their lives for our freedom. As we honor their sacrifice, we must recommit to our sacred obligation to care for &amp; support the families they left behind.
We’ll be live-tweeting the VP’s speech on @Obama2012—follow along for the latest.
I believe this election is about who we are as a nation, what we believe — and maybe most importantly — who we want to be.  It's about our essence. It’s about what makes us Americans. It’s that fundamental.  Vote: 
There’s still time to get in on the #Obama2012 Voter Registration Weekend of Action—find an event near you: 
“I think Joe Biden rocks.” Hundreds of supporters called in to congratulate the VP on his debate win—have a listen: 
I know I’m a little biased, but this post from Jill @DrBiden in the #BidenForum is a must-read. Her story of the strong middle-class values that shaped her is America’s story. And she tells it so well. 
VP Biden: “We cut taxes for middle-class people over these four years by $3,600. We provided 18 tax cuts to grow small business.”
Donald Trump is incapable of effectively handling the coronavirus crisis. 
When it comes to trade, either we're going to write the rules of the road for the world or China is—and not in a way that advances our values.   Meanwhile, this administration has launched trade wars against the very allies we need with us to change China’s behavior. #DemDebate
“It’s a choice between two very different plans for our country.” 
With just 20 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to fuel our campaign. Every donation—big or small—goes a long way in this homestretch.  If you liked what you heard at tonight's #DemDebate, please chip in what you can to keep our momentum going: 
How the Bidens do fall (with a 36-pound pumpkin): 
As we mark the beginning of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, @DrBiden and I extend our best wishes to AANHPI communities across America. We look forward to celebrating your extraordinary accomplishments and contributions in the month ahead.
This election, you have the power to choose:  Hope over fear. Truth over lies. Unity over division.  Vote. 
Thank you, Florida! 
Honored to have @BetoORourke join us on the stage tonight in Dallas. Tune in now to hear what he has to say:
Las redadas de inmigración (ICE) del presidente Trump son inhumanas. Sus tácticas no resuelven nada. No deberíamos estar aterrorizando comunidades y dividiendo familias. Debemos proporcionar un camino hacia la ciudadanía y encontrar una solución duradera.
And ever since then, presidents and patriots have gathered together on the Fourth to reflect on the greater meaning of our American experiment.
Since 1973, over 160 individuals in this country have been sentenced to death and were later exonerated. Because we can’t ensure that we get these cases right every time, we must eliminate the death penalty.  
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he is responsible for failing to prepare our nation to respond to it.
I’m looking forward to traveling to New Hampshire this week to talk to voters about my plans for our country.   RSVP to join us in Berlin or Concord today: 
I’m not afraid to say the word union. America’s unions built the middle class — and in a Biden administration, we’ll work alongside them to rebuild it. 
I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against President Trump's long record of lying, cheating, and stealing any day of the week. 
A moving tribute to the late Sen. Ted Kennedy: 
10 years ago the Obama-Biden Administration signed Wall Street reform to prevent the abuse that led to the Great Recession. Donald Trump and the Republicans have tried to tear it down ever since. As president, I'll protect it so we can rebuild an economy that works for everyone.
This afternoon, I’ll be sitting down for a conversation with nurses, firefighters, and emergency medical technicians on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19. Tune in at 4:15 ET to join us: 
Extreme risk laws save lives. Period.  As president, I will incentivize states to adopt these important laws to help keep guns out of dangerous hands.  Read my full plan to end our gun violence epidemic:  
I might be a little biased, but I think @DrBiden gave the best speech in convention history last night.  Check it out along with other highlights from night two of the #DemConvention: 
Seeing what this whole Whataburger thing is about with @BetoORourke ! 
Welcome to the debates, Mike. We have a lot to catch up on about Barack Obama’s record. 
VP Biden stood up for protecting Social Security and Medicare in Tamarac, Florida yesterday: 
Since the passage of VAWA, annual rates of domestic violence have dropped by 63%. The National Domestic Violence Hotline responds to more than 26,000 people a month, creating a safety net for survivors. We have made progress, but there is much more to do. Right now.
On Thursday, 10-year-old Marcus asked me an important question about President Trump. 
We need to defend and build on the Affordable Care Act. I was proud every day to serve alongside President Obama as Vice President – but never more so than the day the Affordable Care Act passed. Now we have to finish the job.
Donald Trump says he prefers war heroes who "weren't captured." He attacks Gold Star families. Now he calls our generals “losers," “babies” and “dopes."  He degrades the office he holds every day. 
"She understands what it means to...young girls...when it's President Hillary Rodham Clinton. It will change their lives." -VP Biden
Recap the VP's 2009 trip to Chile and Costa Rica and read the op-ed he wrote for Latin American newspapers: 
Five years ago, nine good souls were ripped from this world — killed by hate and white supremacy. Today, we honor the memory of the Emanuel Nine and the unspeakable grace of those they left behind. 
Today is the last day to early vote, Nevada! Confirm your polling location at  and head to the polls to make your voice heard. 
We need universal background checks for gun sales. Period.   I’ve beaten the @NRA twice, and I’ll do it again as president. It’s time for a leader who stands up to the powerful gun lobby. 
Doctors and nurses are making their own makeshift face masks today as they risk their lives to care for others. What other finding do you need to see to convince you to use every power you have to expand our supply of essential equipment, Mr. President?
Tonight made one thing clear: We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump.   If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going strong: 
"Vote! Get your friends out — every single vote counts." -VP Biden 
Trump doesn’t understand the struggles working folks go through. He doesn’t understand what it’s like to worry you will lose the roof over your head. He doesn’t understand what it’s like to wonder if you’ll be able to put food on the table.
We are engaged once again in a battle for the soul of the nation. It’s a battle we’ve been in before and we can win again. Tune in as I deliver remarks from Gettysburg. 
As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” As we seek to restore the soul of this nation from a long moral lapse, we look to those words and take solace that this too shall pass and justice will prevail. #MLKDay
Joe and Hillary went home to Scranton. Take a behind-the-scenes look at their visit: 
Women’s rights and health care are under assault in a way that seeks to roll back every step of progress we’ve made over the last 50 years. If I believe health care is a right, as I do, I can no longer support an amendment that makes that right dependent on someone’s zip code.
The bottom line: I will spare no effort to turn this pandemic around.
RT if you’re excited for VP Biden’s speech at 9:35pm ET: 
May history be able to say that the end of this chapter of American darkness began here, tonight as love and hope and light joined the battle for the soul of the nation. 
To everyone who has been knocked down, counted out, or left behind — this is your campaign. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. 
Donald Trump didn't build a wall around America, the world built a wall around us. 
I remember helping President Carter with his campaign back when I was a first-term Senator. I'm deeply honored to have his support today.  Thank you, Mr. President. #DemConvention 
Mitt Romney opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act: 
Beau fought to protect the most vulnerable among us. Thanks to my friend @barackobama for honoring his life’s work with the @BeauBidenFdn. 
Everyone deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. My administration will give people the choice between their existing plan and a Medicare-like public option. It’s the most effective way to achieve universal coverage.
Hate only hides, it doesn't go away. We have not relegated white supremacy and racism to the pages of history. But the greatness of this nation has always been, and must continue to be, that we still strive to. 
I do not buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past.   American manufacturing was the Arsenal of Democracy in World War II, and must be part of the engine of American prosperity now.
We must end this epidemic of violence against the transgender community — especially trans women of color. It’s up to all of us to stand up and give hate no safe harbor.  Every American deserves to live open, proud, free and without fear. 
Proud to stand with @CTULocal1, @SEIU73, and every teacher and support staff member striking today for better staffing and quality schools for our students. It's time we support all workers with the pay and dignity they deserve. #FairContractNow
Today, Donald Trump stated that if re-elected, he'll undermine the entire financial footing of Social Security.  Our seniors and millions of Americans with disabilities are under enough stress without their hard-earned Social Security benefits in doubt. 
Watch Vice President Biden’s speech live:  #BuffettRule
There is institutional racism in America.  We have to give everyone a fair shot. 
No lies, fear-mongering, or malarkey.  Just an honest conversation about the future of our nation.  Tune in this Tuesday. 
You lost tonight, @realDonaldTrump. Democrats around the country are fired up. We are decent, brave, and resilient people. We are better than you. Come November, we are going to beat you. 
I’m grateful to Joe and Michelle for sharing their story and glad to hear Matthew is receiving the treatment he needs.  Read our full plan to protect and build on the Affordable Care Act to ensure everyone has access to the care they need:  
To all my fellow Delawareans — today is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to get registered today.
I want every single American to know: If you're sick, struggling, or worried about how you're going to get through the day, I will not abandon you.  We're all in this together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before. 
It was great to be back in Atlanta! Thank you to Mayor @KeishaBottoms for showing me around town and for your work expanding opportunity to every corner of the city. 
Election Day is nearly here! Find your polling place and everything you need to vote on Tuesday:  
The United States Attorney General is not your private attorney, Mr. President. There are limits to your power. 
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy and salvaging our reputation.  I'm the only candidate in this race ready for that job on day one — and 133 top foreign policy officials agree. 
A Biden administration will help rural communities fully access federal resources and tackle persistent poverty in rural America.
From Seneca Falls to Selma to Stonewall, we’re at our best when the promise of America is available to all.
A good step forward. Yet President Trump continues to do everything he can to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.  I will defend the rights of all Americans to have access to quality, affordable health care, free from discrimination.  
The brave protestors in Hong Kong are demanding the rights and freedoms promised to them. The U.S. should be leading the free world to rally support behind them and, with one voice, defend our shared democratic ideals and the desire for liberty that beats in every heart.
There are many issues that are complicated, but some things are just black and white. Families belong together. 
As I was saying. 
Folks, we have just 100 days until Election Day. Now, more than ever, we have to do everything we can to make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Register to vote:   Donate:   Volunteer:   Let’s get to work. 
I was reminded this weekend by Pastor McCallum that we've got to bring a sense of community back to this country. That work starts now. 
We had a great first day in Texas! Thank you to @rweingarten and @AFTunion for the discussion on how we improve our education system. It's time we increase teacher pay and ensure that no child’s future is determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
Seven years after Newtown, we have to ask ourselves: what kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs?  We can defeat the NRA. And we'll use every tool of our democracy to do it. 
Today, we're launching Todos con Biden. Latinos have contributed so much to our country—you're part of the fabric of America &amp; you deserve a president who respects you &amp; will fight alongside you.  Join me as we continue to build on the progress we've made:  
This Labor Day, when you cross paths with someone working a job that makes your day-to-day life better—and I promise you, it will happen many times today—tell them "thank you."   Tell them you appreciate the work that they do. That it matters to you, and to your community.
Today in favorite Joe photos: The VP reacts to a joke during a Motown tribute concert at the White House this February. 
I refuse to accept the notion that we can never get to a place where we have cooperation again. If that’s the case, we’re dead as a country. When we can’t convince them, we have to go out and beat them. #DemDebate 
Today’s press conference made it clear: we are all less safe because Donald Trump has failed at his job.  We need a President who will stop violence — not incite it. 
I'm Joe Biden and I'm running a campaign that chooses: Hope over fear. Unity over division. Truth over lies.  And to supporters of Pete, Amy, and Beto: last night was your win too — and I’m here to earn your vote. So join us:  
Children should be released from ICE detention with their parents immediately. This is pretty simple, and I can't believe I have to say it: Families belong together. 
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable. No matter your age, race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.  No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
.@ChrisVanHollen: “What you saw was the passionate Joe Biden, the Joe Biden who fights for the middle class.” 
In 2009 President Obama asked me to oversee our effort to bring home our combat troops. I’ll put my record and my judgment up against anyone in terms of who is the right person to be Commander in Chief. #DemDebate
Saddened to hear of the passing of Maurice Ferré — the father of modern-day Miami. A trailblazer and a true public servant, he paved the way for others as the first Hispanic mayor of Miami. He will be deeply missed. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our hearts.
RT @BeauBiden: Pres @BarackObama puts jobs, education &amp; health care for veterans first. They earned it. @Vets4Obama  -BB
VP Biden called a surprise huddle at a high school football practice in Danville, VA yesterday:  
I believe in redemption. Formerly incarcerated individuals deserve the opportunity to be productive members of society. I’ll expand access to mental health &amp; substance use treatment, education, job training, and housing.   Read our plan:  
Now that we know who's on both teams, stand with Obama-Biden: 
Rent is due today.  Donald Trump abdicated his responsibility to lead us out of this COVID-19 crisis—and we now face a potential housing crisis because of it.  Mr. President: Act now to make sure Americans don't have to choose between a roof over their heads or food on the table. 
If the Senate has time to confirm Donald Trump’s unqualified judicial nominees, it has time to pass legislation that will give true meaning to our Constitution’s promise of equal protection under the law.  No more excuses. No more delays.
This moment is a wake-up call for all of us. It's long past time we deal with systemic racism, growing economic inequality, and the denial of the promise of this nation to so many. 
Today, I proudly stood alongside @UAW members on strike in Kansas City as they fight for a fair contract. Everything that defines a middle class life is because of unions fighting for worker protections. I stand with you, and America stands with you. 
Our nation is at a crossroads. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump’s divisive politics and failed leadership — or we can forge a new path forward. 
Tune in as my campaign adviser Bob Bauer provides a post-election legal briefing. 
Equality and justice — the American creed. We have never lived up to it, but we’ve never stopped trying — until this President.
At a time when Americans might need health care the most, the Trump Administration is preventing people who need insurance from getting it. Their cruelty truly knows no bounds. 
Even the dog knows that we can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
Scripture is clear: It’s not enough to just wish the world were better. It’s our duty to make it so—including by leading the world in addressing the climate crisis and providing a roadmap to citizenship for those contributing to our communities. 
I know a thing or two about being Vice President — and I know @KamalaHarris is the best partner I could have for the fight ahead.
Retweet if you're proud to be on #TeamJoe! #DemDebate 
Obamacare was and is a big deal. It saved lives and gave millions peace of mind. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over — we should protect and build on it. 
Testing is the springboard we need to help get our economy safely up and running again. Trump could rapidly scale it up. He hasn’t. Instead, he’s passed blame and pushed sole responsibility to governors.  We've got to do better. 
Let’s unite.  Let’s beat Donald Trump.  And let’s take back this country!
I’m speaking in Birmingham, Alabama, at the 16th St. Baptist Church memorial service. Join me in honoring those we lost: 
President Obama in Pittsburgh today: “If you still believe in me like I believe in you, I hope you will stand with me in 2012.”
This virus is not just going to disappear because you want it to, Mr. President.  Listen to the experts. Take clear, concrete action. Do your job. 
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Delivers Foreign Policy Address in New York City 
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare and rip health care away from millions. We cannot let him get away with it. We have to build on the ACA with a new public option to ensure everyone receives the care they deserve. 
“From now until Election Day, I want to ask for everything you’ve got to help support President Obama and my husband.”—Dr. Biden in PA
The spirit of Dr. King is still with us. It has burrowed deep into the soul of this nation. It will not let us rest. On #MLKDay we must heed Dr. King’s admonition from his final sermon and do our part to “make America what it ought to be.”
1% of Americans put their lives on the line to defend the other 99% of us — we owe so much to our military men and women and their families. We must do better by those who sacrifice everything in service to our nation. 
Folks, I'm amazed by what you all are doing to get out the vote. We can't let up — remember to vote early, and sign up to help this final weekend:  
Every day, we’re witnessing the Trump Administration attack the hard fought progress made by the LGBTQ community. We can't go backwards. It's up to all of us to stand up to these injustices. I'm looking forward to joining @HRC tomorrow to talk about the work that remains. 
Every moment of the last four years comes down to today.  Don’t miss your chance to make your voice heard.  Head to  to confirm your polling place and go vote before polls close.
VP Biden: “We've increased benefits for Medicare recipients, and in addition, we've extended the solvency of this system to the year 2024.”
Americans again murdered in a place of worship. Jill and I send our prayers to Sutherland Springs.
I couldn’t let #WorldTeachersDay go by without celebrating the best teacher I know. Jilly, the way you’ve worked tirelessly and passionately for your students year after year continues to inspire me. 
Our end-of-year fundraising deadline is quickly approaching — and we need your help to reach our goal in order to make the investments in Iowa necessary to win.  With just 38 days until the caucus, we need every dollar we can get. Chip in today: 
Joe photo of the day: Pumping up volunteers in Columbus, OH. 
Joe Biden will strengthen America’s commitment to justice and reform by taking action to reduce our prison population, address racial disparities, and make our communities safer. #DemDebate 
President Trump continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation through a global pandemic.
Let’s begin the work to heal and unite America and the world.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — exercise it.   Make your voice heard this November. 
If I were President, here's what I would do right now:  - Use all available authorities to turn the tide on this epidemic - Launch a task force to ensure money rapidly gets to people who need it - Bring leaders of Congress together to build the next deal 
At a moment when there is so much fear around the world, we need honest, steady, trusted American leadership.  If I’m elected president, I promise you I'll strive to give the nation that very leadership every day. 
The folks working to keep our country running are true heroes — and we need to ensure they have the protections, accommodations, and benefits they need and deserve. We couldn't get through this without them. 
In the wake of darker moments in our history, our spirit has become mightier. The bonds that unite us have become thicker.   Seventeen years after the 9/11 attacks, may we continue to live that legacy in our words and our deeds, every day. In America, we can overcome anything.
The health care workers on the frontlines of this pandemic are true heroes. Tune in as we thank them for their work and discuss how a Biden-Harris administration will support them. 
Nevada — you can early vote now! Don't wait until Saturday to make your voice heard, head to  to confirm your polling location and early vote today. 
I’m incredibly thankful for the supportive members of #TeamJoe across the country working hard every day for our campaign.  I’d love to know what you’re thankful for. Share your story here: 
Great news out of Utah. No child should be subjected to the vile, immoral practice of conversion therapy. We have to ban it at the federal level and make sure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are. 
Over the last 30 years, the fight against #HIV has taught us to be big-hearted; to follow the science; to treat everyone with dignity and respect, and to protect the human rights of all who walk this planet. #WorldAIDSDay 
We need to remember: We’re at war with a virus — not with each other.
It will be the work of the next president to restore the promise of America — for everyone. That’s my commitment to you. 
The United States of America has always emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation — and we will again. We will overcome this.
If I win the nomination, my pick for vice president will be a woman. If I win the presidency and have the opportunity, I will name the first black woman ever to the Supreme Court.  A Biden administration will reflect the country we are proud to work for. 
We've only heard from two of the first 50 states, DC, and territories—where I come from that's the opening bell, not the closing bell. We're going to fight for every vote in every state, and we need your help to do it.   Chip in to help fuel our campaign: 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history. 
Today, we honor the generations of union workers who fought for the rights, power, wages, and benefits that built and sustained the great American middle class. #LaborDay 
If we stand together we can, and will, end our gun violence epidemic. Read my full plan to address this public health epidemic at  
We need a president who respects religious freedom. 
Amy Poehler and @MayaRudolph know a thing or two about @HillaryClinton and @KamalaHarris — and I can't wait to see what they have in store for tonight's grassroots fundraiser.  Chip in now to reserve your ticket:  
I've lost a lot in my life, but I'll be damned if I'm going to stand by and lose my country too. We have to beat Donald Trump.
Let’s be clear: Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time. There is no room for compromise when it comes to basic human rights.
President Trump continues to embarrass us on the world stage. We need a president who is ready on day one to repair our global reputation and restore American leadership abroad.  But I can't get to the White House without your help, chip in today: 
I worked hard to pass the Affordable Care Act—it was a milestone for American health care. I will continue to oppose every effort to tear it down. We have come too far to start over. Read my plan to protect and build on Obamacare at 
 
America has never lived up to our founding promise — and we can’t rest until we finally do. My new plan will advance racial equity across the American economy and bring us closer to reaching our highest ideals:  
President Mandela was no ordinary man. When he stepped out of prison 30 years ago today, he immediately resumed his life's work to end apartheid. He showed us that trust and reconciliation are possible, delivering justice for his people.
I was proud to serve alongside President Obama every day, but never more so than when we passed the Affordable Care Act.  As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the health care they deserve:  
As president, I will bring Americans together and finally deliver much needed policing reform. #BidenTownHall 
LGBT rights are human rights. Prejudice is prejudice; inhumanity is inhumanity.  #IDAHOT #IDAHOT2017 
With Congress back in session, passing gun safety legislation should be the first order of business. It’s past time for Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans to stand up to the @NRA and take concrete action to end our gun violence epidemic. 
VP on Romney (2/2): “The President won that case. As a consequence, 1,000 workers are making tires in this country and earning a good wage.”
I’m so inspired by @DrBiden for her dedication to educating future generations. Happy #TeacherAppreciationDay to all the hardworking educators out there! 
Do you believe in life after Trump? 
Donald Trump has called himself a "cheerleader" for the nation. But we don't need a cheerleader — we need a President. One who will:  - Lead by example - Take responsibility - Tell the unvarnished truth - Listen to the experts and follow the science
Notes are ready. Be sure to tune in at 3pm ET when I will sit down at @UDBidenSchool with author and historian @jmeacham to talk about his book “The Soul of America” and the state of our democracy today.  
The American people understand the urgency of this moment. They're voting in droves because their health care hangs in the balance.  But Donald Trump doesn't care — he sees a chance to eliminate Obamacare and rip away health care protections from millions.  It's unconscionable.
Let me be clear: Voting is a right — not a privilege. Anyone who tells you otherwise can’t be trusted to hold the highest office in this land.
These moments, getting to speak with all of you...that's what keeps me going. We need a leader who cares. That's why I'm running for President. 
Pitch in $10, get a car magnet—it’s that easy: 
Health care is a right — not a privilege.
Roberto Clemente was an incredible baseball player. He was a barrier breaker and a humanitarian. As he rose to fame, he lifted the Black and Latino communities with him.  I may be a Phillies fan, but I’m always proud to honor the legacy of #21. 
No one who has ever met Sandy Winnefeld has doubted his strength or resolve. And no one who reads this article will ever forget it. Sandy &amp; Mary - thank you for summoning the courage to turn your heartbreak into action to end this epidemic. 
Last night, @StephenAtHome asked me what the defining factor was in my decision to run for president. My answer was clear: Charlottesville. 
We need a clear message from the very top of our federal government that everyone needs to wear a mask in public. Period.  It’s not just about you — it’s about your family, your neighbors, your colleagues. It’s about keeping other people safe.
Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few. We have to ensure every single American has access to the care they need and deserve.  Here’s what I would do as president:  
Next year could give us one of two things: a new administration or four more years of Donald Trump.  We can defeat him, but only with your help. Chip in what you can before our midnight deadline: 
Happy birthday to one of the strongest people Jill and I know, @GabbyGiffords. You are an inspiration to so many people. Your courage and your advocacy have made our country a better place.
The fact is, Donald Trump left our nation unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health crisis of our lifetime — and we're paying the price every single day. 
We must remember Kendrick's name and sacrifice. We must ensure his legacy lives in our shared commitment to stopping these tragedies. Children shouldn’t fear going to school and parents shouldn't need to rely on the uncommon courage of an 18-year-old hero to keep their kids safe.
The middle class is getting killed. 40% of farmers in the midwest couldn’t pay their bills last year. We have to make sure the middle class has a shot, and that’s why we must change this Presidency now. #DemDebate 
I'm getting ready to take the stage in Detroit! Grateful to have my family by my side. 
Jill and I were honored to join today’s Memorial Day service in Delaware. We must remember the brave women and men — and their families — who gave everything in service to our nation. 
My north star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country: the middle class. And, I’m going to make sure that this time everyone comes along. #DemDebate
Get to know the President’s blueprint for making college more affordable: 
We fought a Civil War that would secure a Union that would seek to fulfill the promise of equality for all.  And by fits and starts, our better angels have prevailed just enough against our worst impulses to make a new and better nation.  Those better angels must prevail again.
It is clear this administration has abandoned those core American beliefs. Secretary Mattis’ presence and his voice of reason and experience will be missed in the Pentagon and the Situation Room.
Trump has bullied our neighbors in Central America and abandoned U.S. leadership in the region.  As president, I'll renew a robust commitment to U.S. leadership and pursue a comprehensive strategy of support for Central America: 
The powerful gun lobby has controlled our politics for far too long. Enough is enough. We the people own this country — not the @NRA.
Thank you to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, and everyone on the front lines of this fight. Your hard work is what makes America run every single day — but especially in times of crisis. We truly couldn't get through this without you. 
Don't forget that in the middle of this pandemic, the Trump Administration is in court trying to eliminate Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's heartless.  I'll protect and build on the ACA to ensure everyone gets the care they need. 
Eau Claire, WI welcomed VP Biden with flair today: 
Every week, we’ll hear from leaders in business, politics, academics—and everyday Americans sharing bright ideas that keep us moving forward.
Our mission is to influence, shape and work to solve tough problems facing the nation.
As a nation, we must never forget those we lost on 9/11 and the incredible bravery of our first responders. Though the wounds of that day will never fully heal, the spirit of Americans recovered as it always does — unbowed by the efforts of those who strike against it. 
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: “Ladies and gentlemen, these guys don't get it. There is no quit in America.”
If you've already voted, give your friends a call right now and remind them to vote.  
Thrilled to see the 2028 Olympics coming to Los Angeles. Thanks to @MayorOfLA Garcetti who worked hard to secure a big win for US athletics.
If we don't write the rules to protect American labor and the environment, China will—and not in a way that advances our values. When it comes to trade, we've got to work with allies—not against them. #DemDebate
.@realDonaldTrump, release your taxes or shut up about corruption. 
My prayers go out to all those on the front lines of this crisis. 
This is who Donald Trump is.  A president who abuses the power of the Oval Office to win re-election, turns his back on the fight for democracy in Hong Kong, and puts his own self-interest above the public good.  We have to show the world who we are. 
Beau is with me every single day. If he was here tonight, he would remind me ‘just be who you are.’ I’m a better person because of him. #DemConvention 
He honorably served our nation in uniform and in Congress, he would make his home proud every single day. I admire Dan and am thrilled to support him.
I know of no man with more courage than John Lewis. He was a giant walking among us. When I saw him, I couldn’t help but think one thing: “I haven’t done enough.” May his life and legacy inspire every one of us to strive for justice, equality and what is right. 
Donald Trump inherited the longest economic expansion in history from the Obama-Biden Administration, but like everything else he’s inherited, he has squandered it. 
Just months ago, Donald Trump was planning to allow oil and gas drilling off the coast of Florida.   Now, with 56 days until the election, he conveniently says that he changed his mind. Unbelievable.   You don't have to guess where I stand: I oppose new offshore drilling. 
It's not my place or Donald Trump's place to declare the winner of this election. It's the voters' place.
I believe that the right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. To protect it, we’ve got to:  - Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act - Enact automatic and same-day voter registration - Stand up to Republican voter suppression efforts
There is no doubt in my mind that if we take these steps, no nation on earth will be able to match the United States of America.  To read more about our plan, head to 
Tune in as I deliver remarks on the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the future of the Supreme Court. 
Let me be clear: Mayor Bloomberg should release folks from their non-disclosure agreements. This is about transparency. The American people deserve to know the truth. 
Now more than ever, we must work hard to preserve everyone's shot at the American Dream. Today Jill &amp; I are proud to launch @BidenFoundation
What would your family pay in taxes if Mitt Romney were president? Find out: 
Stand up for voting rights as we remember #Selma50:  
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how morally unfit he is to lead our country. We must make him a one-term president.
Tonight, I'll officially accept the nomination to be President of the United States of America. Before my speech, join us for a Grassroots Fest featuring James Taylor and Doug Emhoff.  Chip in now to reserve your spot:  
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption.
"Arithmetic over illusion": What Romney's tax plan really means for the middle class.  #MittMath
Hey everyone — @TeamJoe here! We’re taking over to keep you updated on all the things happening at tonight’s #DemDebate. Make sure to follow along and cheer on Joe! 
The VP is stepping up to the plate in Scranton again. He'll introduce @HillaryClinton to his hometown in a few hours 
Jacquelyn: Your nomination means the world to me. Thank you — and I hope you know: we love you back. #DemConvention 
This virus can hit anyone — regardless of race, economic status, or access to power — but it doesn’t impact every community equally. It hits hardest those who are most vulnerable and who have the fewest resources.  We have to do better for all our people. 
We gotta make it clear: China must play by the rules. #DemDebate
Presidents lead by example.  Mask up. 
As president, I will:  - Call for nationwide mask mandates - Implement widespread testing - Accelerate the development of treatments and vaccines  I’m ready to work on day one to contain the spread of this virus and get our country back on track.
When it comes down to it, Kamala and Doug share the same basic values set that Jill and I do — and it all starts with family. It’s at the very core of who we are. And it’s why I’m confident they’re the best possible partners for the road ahead. 
2: Who will validate that the Administration’s decision to greenlight a COVID-19 vaccine is driven by science and not political motivation?   We must hear uncensored statements on efficacy and safety from @FDACBER, the @US_FDA vaccine advisory committee, and Dr. Fauci.
I’m about to take the stage in New Hampshire to discuss the grave threat Donald Trump poses to our democracy and the action we must take. Tune in now: 
First: Bernie has put forward a plan that would make public colleges and universities free for families whose income is below $125,000. It's a good idea, and after consideration, I am proud to add it to my platform.
In the Senate, @SenFeinstein and I led the successful effort to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. It worked. It saved lives.  As president, I’ll take on the @NRA and ban military-style weapons once again. 
We’re just over two months from Election Day. But in many states, you don’t have to wait until November to make your voice heard.  Head to  and make a plan to vote early today.
Joe Biden played a key role in securing the extension of the Voting Rights Act—and has advocated for its renewal, and for stronger voter access protections, over the course of his career. #DemDebate 
With just three days to go, @BarackObama and I are back together on the campaign trail in Michigan. Tune in. 
Tune in as I discuss how our economic crisis has been worsened by President Trump's failure to get COVID-19 under control: 
We’ve all watched @KamalaHarris in the Senate go toe-to-toe with Trump officials trying to hide the truth, asking the tough questions that need to be asked — and not stopping until she gets an answer. She’s ready to do this job.
I promise that as president, I’ll make reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act a top priority and continue working to end gender-based violence. 
President Trump should be using the Defense Production Act to get our first responders and health care providers the masks, gowns, and protective equipment they need. This is a matter of life and death. 
Grateful for the time spent with loved ones this Thanksgiving, and grateful for the sacrifice of those military families whose loved ones are on duty, unable to be with their families. From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.
Folks, I’m excited to share that we’re hosting a grassroots fundraiser with @PeteButtigieg. Grassroots donors are the backbone of our campaign — and I want to thank you for all your support.  Chip in any amount to join us Friday afternoon: 
Like Mark and Marianne, the lives of millions of Americans depend on the Affordable Care Act. We can’t tear it down. We need to protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. 
As Attorney General of the largest state in the country, @KamalaHarris took on the big banks over mortgage fraud, and Big Oil when they wanted to pollute without consequences.  She's the kind of fighter I need alongside me in the White House.
Folks, we're just a few days away from our final public fundraising deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal.  Every donation — big or small — makes a big difference during these final weeks.  If you're able, please chip in: 
I will invite my fellow democratic leaders to put strengthening democracy back on the global agenda.  We will organize and host, during the first year of my administration, a global Summit for Democracy to renew the spirit and shared purpose of the nations of the Free World. 
Systemic racism pervades every part of our society, including law enforcement — and we have to do the hard work to root it out. In January, I sat down with Jake, a field organizer on our campaign, to listen to what he had to say and discuss how we can move forward: 
One year ago, just hours after the massacre in El Paso, nine precious lives were cut short in Dayton. In the wake of the tragedies, Donald Trump promised the most modest of gun safety policies, then caved to the @NRA and failed to deliver.
Let’s give patients full electronic medical records within 24 hours of request, a safe place to store them, and a trusted way to share them. Details matter when using patient data to save and improve lives.   My @BidenCancer op-ed: 
American workers can out-compete anyone, but they need a government that fights for them. I'll revitalize American manufacturing — especially smaller manufacturers and those owned by women and people of color — and ensure the future is made here in America. 
The arc of the moral universe bent a little bit more today. 
11 years ago tonight. 
In order for our government to work for all Americans, it's important it be representative of all Americans. With openly LGBTQ individuals only making up .17% of elected officials, we have work to do.  This National #OutToWin Day, I'm asking: Will you run? 
To everyone working on the front lines of this crisis, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without you. 
Watch Vice President Biden make the case for reauthorizing the #VAWA, which he authored as a senator: 
My dad had a saying: “Joey, the greatest sin of all is the abuse of power.”  Right now, our democracy is at risk. We’ve got to come together and fight back against Donald Trump — Democrats, Republicans, Independents alike. 
Jill and I would like to send our best wishes to everyone celebrating Kwanzaa. Today is the start to a seven-day reflection on the rich heritage of African-American culture, remembering the seven principles.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And if we're going to get through these crises — we need to come together and unite for a better America.  @KamalaHarris gets that — and I believe there's no better person to help me get the job done.
During our contact tracing, we discovered around noon today that a member of the company that charters my airplane has also tested positive for COVID. This crew member was on the plane with me, but was more than 50 feet away.   My COVID test from last night came back negative.
Amigos, ¡es el Día del Censo! Solo toma unos minutos completar el Censo, pero ayudará a determinar el futuro de su comunidad para la próxima década. Visite  para que lo cuenten hoy.
We need nationwide mask mandates.
Cierra, you remembered the most important thing I had to say. You will beat this.  And as I’ve always said, if there are any angels in heaven, they are nurses. You’ve got a great team of them there making sure you stay #cierrastrong. 
Read the VP's op-ed on his proudest legislative accomplishment: The Violence Against Women Act. 
Donald Trump can deflect and shift blame all he wants, but the hard truth is he failed to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime. 
Thanks, Obama. 
Vote for equality. Vote for the planet. Vote for justice. Vote for the future.   
Health care is deeply personal to me. And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. 
We know NATO will fall apart if Donald Trump is elected for four more years. It’s the single most consequential alliance in the history of the United States. #DemDebate 
I just got off the debate stage in Iowa, where we're in the homestretch before the caucus. With just 19 days left, every dollar counts.  Chip in if you're ready to take back this country and make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
Corporations need to pay their fair share in taxes.   I’ll reverse Trump’s giveaway to the super-wealthy and corporations because it’s time we reward work, not just wealth. 
Help determine what happens next with the organization that powered this campaign:  
Americans prefer protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option over Medicare for All: 
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we'll make sure everyone comes along.
Corruption is a feature of Donald Trump's economic agenda—not a bug. He will pick his wealthy friends and corporate cronies over working families every time.  I say it’s time we pick a different way—one where everyone gets a fair shot at success, not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd. 
I was surprised at all of the attacks on President Obama's record at the #DemDebate. The Obama-Biden Administration passed Obamacare, lead the world on combating climate change, and saved our economy from the brink of disaster.  He was a great president. We don’t say that enough.
Folks, we’re just getting started! I’ll be heading to Iowa next. Visit  for event details and to RSVP. Hope to see you soon!
I’ve been a big fan of Megan’s for years and can’t wait to join her this afternoon. You can watch our chat live at 2:45 PM ET:  
Today, I’m announcing the first members of my national security and foreign policy team. They will rally the world to take on our challenges like no other—challenges that no one nation can face alone.  It’s time to restore American leadership. I trust this group to do just that. 
Imagine what we could be doing now with the $2 trillion in tax cuts that Donald Trump delivered for his rich friends. 
Income inequality is on the rise across the country — made worse by President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy. We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, we’ll make sure everyone comes along. 
“Paul Ryan and his many methods of misrepresentation”: 
We had a great night at tonight’s #DemDebate, and I really appreciate your support. Let’s keep this momentum going — if you can, chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign now:  
But that's not all — he betrayed our brave troops, who sacrificed alongside them. He betrayed our word as a nation — raising doubts among our allies around the world about America's security commitments.
Keep the faith, guys. We’re gonna win this.
The members of the NRA are not our opponents — the vast majority of them support common-sense reforms, including universal background checks. The gun manufacturers who bankroll the NRA are our opponent.   As president, Biden will defeat them. #DemDebate
RT @hramer: Vice President Joe Biden greets firefighters in Manchester, NH 
Today, on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, I reaffirm my commitment to ending this epidemic. A Biden-Harris administration will take bold action here at home and rejoin global efforts to confront gender-based violence in all its forms.
This #progress is extraordinary, but we're not done. Add your name to keep the momentum going:  
Everyone wants our schools to reopen. The question is how to make it safe and how to make it stick. Forcing educators and students back into classrooms in areas where infection rates are going up or remaining too high is just plain dangerous. 
The words of a president matter. 
I stand with the snow plow drivers who work day in and day out to keep our roads safe, often in dangerous conditions. Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits. Stay safe out there, @IBT_320. 
259 days into 2019.  300 mass shootings.  We cannot go on like this.
This is a headline every American should see: “Trump administration ended pandemic early-warning program to detect coronaviruses”  Donald Trump’s shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared to deal with this outbreak. 
We can’t let President Trump tear down Obamacare.
In the 25 years since we passed the Violence Against Women Act, we’ve made great strides in protecting women from abuse. But the latest reauthorization is being held up by the @NRA. It’s outrageous. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue—the Senate should pass the #VAWA immediately.
The VP spoke about the importance of building a sovereign, stable Afghanistan in January 2011: 
We all want a COVID-19 vaccine as soon as possible, but it needs to be based on science — not politics. Tune in as I discuss how we can develop and equitably distribute a safe and effective vaccine: 
VP to firefighters: “I think you represent the heart, the soul, the very sinew of the cities, the towns, the counties that you protect.”
Imagine the future we can build with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where:  - Health care is a right - We combat climate change - We end our gun violence epidemic - Our government works for all — not just the powerful  Let’s build that future, together.
We can ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable health care they need — and we can do it without taxing the middle class. #LJ19 
VP in IA: “Can you imagine Barack Obama signing &amp; being for a plan that would raise by $6,400 a year the cost of Medicare?” Audience: “No!”
Help close the fundraising gap and donate to President Obama now, while there’s still time to make a difference: 
Proud to stand in solidarity with @TWULocal100 and @Transportworker in their fight for a fair contract. The 40,000+ bus and subway workers who move New York deserve the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security. #TWUrally2019
Chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president: 
This is what being bought and paid for by the @NRA looks like. It’s cowardly. 
Just imagine where we would be right now if we had a president who listened to the scientists.
This is America, and we are strong and great because of our diversity — not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesn’t get that.  Prioritizing wealthy immigrants while punishing working-class ones betrays the American idea that everyone gets a fair shot — regardless of background. 
Every American should be able to safely make their voice heard this November. We need to:  - Expand vote-by-mail and early voting - Implement online voter registration - Make it safe and easy to vote in-person
Being a nation of immigrants is one of America's greatest strengths. It doesn't matter where your family comes from — we're bound by the same ideals and made up of the same grit and determination to succeed. 
Let’s get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan—and it will be paid for by raising taxes on the middle class. #DemDebate 
Together, let’s make this an era of action. 
With just four days until Iowa and one day until our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline — your support has never been more important. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way in this final stretch.  Chip in today to help fuel our campaign: 
My housing plan will give a $15,000 tax credit to first-time home-buyers, expand affordable housing, and reverse President Trump’s efforts to gut fair housing enforcement.  We're going to remove the barriers to homeownership that hold back too many Americans of color.
Add your name to call on Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act and make every American's voice equal, once and for all. #RestoreTheVote 
We’ll be live-tweeting the President’s remarks on @Obama2012—follow along for the latest.
I sat down with @MaraKeisling of the @NCTEActionFund to discuss the progress we’ve made on LGBTQ rights and the work that remains. Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time—I won’t stop fighting until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve. 
The hard truth is that our economy wasn't working for folks long before this crisis. It's why we can't just go back to the way things were — we have to build back better.   We've got to create an economy that works for everyone — not just the wealthy and well-connected.
The Tulsa Race Massacre is one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history — and it has been erased from our national consciousness for far too long.  It’s time we reckon with what happened in 1921. 
This morning, parents all across the West — already worried about their kids being indoors because of COVID-19 — are now also waking up worried about their kids being outside.  We need a president who takes climate change seriously.
That’s a wrap! Thanks for following along with us for night two of the Democratic debate. Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign. #DemDebate #TeamJoe
No better time to help get out the vote than right now—whether you have a lunch break or a few hours to spare, take back our democracy at an event near you: 
VP Biden recaps the 2nd presidential debate, @MichelleObama votes, and more on the Road to November 6th: 
Folks, I've got some big news: We officially reached our goal of talking to 10 million voters on this #VoteEarlyDay.  But we're not done yet — we set a new goal of 15 million and can't reach it without you.  Sign up to help:  
The choice between the economy and public health is a false one—if we don’t beat the virus, we'll never get back to full economic strength and will lose countless lives. We have to get the number of new cases down and scale up testing before we return to some sense of normalcy. 
VP Biden in Durham, NC on the contrast between President Obama and Romney-Ryan: “It comes down to a fundamentally different set of values.”
On this Armed Forces Day, @DrBiden and I want to express our gratitude and support for the men and women in uniform — serving and defending our country around the world. Thank you for your selfless service and sacrifice. You continue to make us proud. 
As president, I will:  – Rebuild our infrastructure – Combat climate change – Create millions of good-paying, union jobs  It’s time to build back better –– together. 
In 1994, Senator Feinstein and I led the fight to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We took on the @NRA and got it done.  As president, I’ll ban these weapons of war once again. We will get them off our streets.   
Jill and I wish our friends in the Jewish community a very healthy and happy New Year. As we mark this new beginning, let us commit to pursuing peace and justice in the year ahead. #RoshHashanah
America is at a crossroads.  We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's chaos and division. Or we can choose a different path — one of hope and light.  The decision is in your hands. Vote: 
For too long, partisan gerrymandering has allowed politicians to rig the political process and draw districts in their favor. Voters should choose their representatives — not the other way around. 
We can, we will, and we must come together.
Donald Trump's Muslim ban is a direct betrayal of America’s most fundamental freedom: religious freedom. And now he's adding more countries to his list of who's not welcome in America.  It's not who we are — and we'll prove that when we beat Trump this November and end the ban. 
Expecting a great crowd at the #Gen44 event tonight—looking forward to seeing you all there. –Joe
John DiEleuterio had a huge heart and was a friend I counted on for over 50 years. As a Colonel in the National Guard and as the State Director in my Senate office, John served our country with dignity and distinction. Jill and I send our condolences to Maureen and his family.
They say never read the comments –– well, I did anyway. 
When Governor Whitmer worked to protect her state from a deadly pandemic, President Trump issued a call to "LIBERATE MICHIGAN!"  That call was heard.  He's giving oxygen to the bigotry and hate we see on the march in our country — and we have to stop it.
To all of our front line workers who are working day in and day out to keep our nation afloat during this crisis, thank you.
Employers are interfering with workers’ efforts to organize and negotiate for a fair contract— it's wrong.   My plan holds corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with organizing efforts &amp; violating other labor laws. Learn more: 
You have the power to silence him.  Vote:  
We owe so much to those working around the clock to keep our country running during this crisis. The least we can do is provide the pay, benefits, and protections they need and deserve. 
Our health care workers on the front lines of this fight still don’t have the masks, gowns, and other protective equipment they need. It’s unacceptable.  Add your name to demand Donald Trump use his full authority to deliver these lifesaving supplies: 
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines have no place in our communities. I’ve taken on the @NRA to ban them once before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
I spent my night at the HRC forum talking about the fundamental respect every human being deserves. You spent yours showing how little respect for anyone else you have. America is so much stronger than your weakness, @realDonaldTrump.
A president who can't handle a crisis is no president at all. 
We have to fundamentally change the culture of how women are treated in this country. #DemDebate 
One month until Election Day. Let’s do this, America.
With less than 100 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest grassroots operation possible to win the nomination and make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Chip in what you can today: 
Our campaign starts at the local level — neighbors talking with neighbors and organizing their communities in every corner of the country. If you’re ready to get to work, sign up to host an organizing meeting for our nationwide Day of Action on July 20th: 
"We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union"...We the people know what is at stake in this election.  Join me and @TeamJoe for the 48th Democratic National Convention.   #DemConvention 
Trump doesn’t get the basics. He thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Any freshman econ student could tell you that the American people are paying his tariffs.  The cashiers at Target see what’s going on – they know more about economics than Trump. #TeamJoe
The VP visited @OFA_WI today and he thinks YOU should support the President by voting early:  
Fired up for #LJ19. 
We are months into this crisis, and health care workers still don’t have the protective equipment they need. It’s a national disgrace. 
I always enjoy sitting down to chat with my friend @StephenAtHome. Check out a few of my favorite moments from the interview. 
It’s long past time we build an economy that rewards work — not wealth. 
VP on Romney’s immigration stance: “He’s not only out of touch with the Hispanic community, he’s out of touch with the American people.”
.@DrBiden and I are in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, to encourage folks to vote early. Tune in — and then head to  to make your plan to vote. 
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with airport workers across the country as they strike for their right to organize. #RespectUSworkers
While Romney stalls on releasing his tax returns, take a look back at 12 years of the President and VP’s taxes: 
The VP spoke to @LaRedHispana about how President Obama’s policies are benefiting Latinos: 
RT @TheDemocrats: Our challenge on #DDay70: 
I started this campaign saying we were in a battle for the soul of this nation — and I believe that even more deeply today.  But make no mistake: It’s a battle we can and will win.
Learning to live with it? Come on. People are dying with it, Mr. President.
Where are the tests, Mr. President? 
The stakes in this election couldn’t be higher. Donald Trump is wholly unfit to lead this nation — and that has become even clearer in the last few weeks. We have to vote him out of the White House.
I promise you this: I’ll end Donald Trump’s chaos and end this crisis.
Watch VP Biden address Romney-Ryan’s misleading auto industry ad in Florida yesterday: 
I promise you this: A Biden-Harris Administration will always listen to scientists. 
Count me in, @De11eDonne. Proud to take a stand with you and the incredible athletes of @WNBA who are partnering with organizations like @ItsOnUs to empower women and girls everywhere. Folks, join us to take a seat &amp; take a stand:  #WNBATakesAStand #itsonus
Christian Cooper’s encounter in Central Park was another wake-up call for our nation and a reminder of the work that remains to root out hate and intolerance. I'm grateful for Christian's support and know with folks like him leading the way, we'll get the job done. 
To everyone in the Jewish community, @DrBiden and I wish you a very happy, healthy, and sweet New Year. #RoshHashanah 
Wear a mask. 
I know times are tough, but I promise our best days still lie ahead. Together, we're going to overcome these crises, unite the country, and build a better future for all.
Small business ownership is one of our country's cornerstones for wealth building and job creation. But Black and Brown entrepreneurs face far too many barriers to ownership, growth, and success.  I've got a plan to change that:  
To everyone on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without you.
On Día de los Reyes, as Christmas comes to a close, we are reminded of the call of the three kings: to give of ourselves without expectation, seek peace no matter how long the journey, and know that a bright future is within reach. Jill and I wish a Happy Three Kings’ Day to all!
Charming the locals in Manchester, Iowa: 
Join Andrew Yang to discuss the economic impact of COVID-19. Tune in now: 
In January, I said President Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis. And everything we’ve been through in the months since has proven that to be true. 
Here’s the bottom line: When we vote, things get better. Tune in as we hold a get out the vote rally in Tampa Bay, Florida. 
RT if you’re ridin’ with Biden: 
After eight months of this pandemic, we finally found President Trump's plan to beat COVID-19. 
“We would reunite those families, period.” #DemDebate 
I ask people to stay calm.  The process is working.  The count is being completed.
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement. And in my administration, we won't just protect it. We'll expand it. 
On day one, I will eliminate President Trump’s decision to limit asylum and undo his executive orders that eliminated Obama-Biden enforcement priorities on national security and public safety.
These folks are American heroes. 
This nation has always strived to serve as a beacon of hope, but Trump has made it clear that he does not believe our country should be a place of refuge.   As president, I'll recommit to building a more inclusive and welcoming America. #WorldRefugeeDay   
I pledge to be a President who seeks not to divide, but to unify.  Who doesn’t see Red and Blue states, but a United States.  And who will work with all my heart to win the confidence of the whole people.
Managing an economic relief and recovery effort is hard, painstaking work. The devil is in the details. It’s all about follow-through.  I've done the work before, and I'll be ready to do it on day one as president. 
It will take years to repair the damage Betsy DeVos is doing to our schools. Our students and educators deserve a Secretary of Education who values our public schools — and is actually an educator. 
Happy birthday to a great President and a wonderful friend. –Joe
That's exactly why @EWarren and I have called for more oversight. We need more conditions on corporations to ensure relief goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No $500 billion slush fund. No blank checks. The Trump Administration is prioritizing big corporations over workers.
There will be no better advocates in the White House for our students and educators than Joe and Jill Biden.  Read our full plan for educators, students, and our future:   #DemDebate 
Two years ago, 17 innocent people were gunned down and 17 more injured by a shooter with an AR-15 style weapon at a high school in Parkland, FL. As we honor the memory of those we lost, we must recommit to taking action to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Each of us has a responsibility in our own lives to do what we can to slow the virus.  Every decision we make matters. Every decision we make can save a life. 
We can’t fix a problem if we refuse to name the problem. This is white nationalism. This is white supremacy. This is about hate.  Mr. President, it’s long past time you stood up to it. 
We’re going to get this virus under control and get your life back on track.
"It's never been a good bet to bet against America." -VP Biden #DemsInPhilly
I don’t take the support of the African-American community for granted. I’ve worked like the devil to earn it and will continue to work for every last vote. 
There's only one way to end this horror: Vote.   
Climate change poses an existential threat to our communities, economy, national security, and environment. Our plan for a Clean Energy Revolution &amp; Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency &amp; protect our communities for generations to come. 
.@ATUcomm has been integral to the labor movement and putting our country on a path towards lifting the middle class. We've got a long campaign ahead of us, and I'm thrilled to have the support of my friend John Costa and the hard-working members of ATU with me. 
On March 6th, Donald Trump claimed: “Anybody that wants a test can get a test.”  That was a flat-out lie then, and it’s still not true today. It’s a disgrace.  We need to ensure everyone who needs a test can get one free of charge. Period.
This is our moment to imagine and build a new American economy — one where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. 
Day of shame in Congress. Protections for pre-existing conditions, mental health, maternity care, addiction services -- all gone.
No one fights harder for the people of Alabama than my friend, @DougJones. He's a Senator with a big heart and he's never afraid to fight for what's right.  Doug is in a tight race and needs your help to win on Tuesday. Chip in:  
White supremacy has no place in America.  We shouldn’t have to beg the President of the United States to say that.
We cannot turn a blind eye to the atrocities President Trump continues to carry out at the border. This is not who we are. 
The violence in Venezuela today against peaceful protesters is criminal. Maduro's regime is responsible for incredible suffering. The U.S. must stand with the National Assembly &amp; Guaidó in their efforts to restore democracy through legitimate, internationally monitored elections.
Ahmaud Arbery was shot down in cold blood. His family deserves justice — and they deserve it now. 
Photo of the day: VP Biden talks to a 91-year-old WWII vet in Council Bluffs, IA. 
I see a different America than President Trump. One that, despite all our flaws and shortcomings and failings, is still after more than two centuries dedicated to equality, liberty, human dignity, and justice.  I know we can reach our highest ideals — together.
Tomorrow, let's send a clear message to Donald Trump: time to pack your bags and go home. 
Faith, hope, and dignity sound good to me. 
I'm proud to support @Kelly4SouthrnIL. Brendan is tough, independent, and honest—the kind of leader and public servant that Southern Illinois needs. I'm excited to head to his district for a get out the vote really tomorrow—get info and RSVP here: 
Worth a read—writer George Saunders on why the President’s support for the Violence Against Women Act earned his vote: 
.@DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Aimee Stephens. We send our deepest condolences to her wife, Donna, and her family. Aimee's spirit and courage will not only be her legacy but our guiding light as we carry on her fight for equality. 
Happy Halloween! 
Our first president, George Washington, famously could not tell a lie. Trump seemingly cannot tell the truth — about anything. He slanders anyone he sees as a threat. It's why is he is frantically pushing flat-out lies, debunked conspiracy theories and smears against me.
President Trump has found his newest target — sick children. It's sinful. 
Betsy DeVos’ new Title IX rules will discourage sexual assault reporting and investigations. When 1 in 5 women experience sexual assault while in college, we can’t afford to go backwards. Share your views: 
I’m about to take the stage at the @UFCW Presidential Forum in Iowa, where I’ll discuss my plans to strengthen America’s unions. Tune in to watch live: 
.@BarackObama was a president our kids could look up to. 
North Carolina –– early voting begins today across the state. Head to  for all the info you need to make your voice heard.
The Vice President made the case for economic fairness and a strong middle class in New Hampshire today. 
“Like most teachers, it isn’t just what I do—it is who I am.”—Dr. Jill Biden in Michigan
This one makes us smile: 
I’ve had a rule my entire life: No matter what’s happening, no matter how important the meeting, I’ll always answer a call from my grandchildren. 
I’ve said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is truer today than ever. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation.   We can’t let that happen.
We can’t allow this crisis to exacerbate the disparities that plague our nation. 
Stopped by #BidenFest to thank folks for their support before today's #SteakFry! 
We are in a battle for the soul of America. It’s time we come together, remember who we are, and take this country back. 
President Obama understands, as I do, that we will come through this crisis stronger. And then we’ll not only rebuild this nation — we will transform it. 
I have long been a skeptic on Afghanistan. We must learn the lessons of the past 18 years. It is long past time to end America’s longest war and focus on what is achievable: a narrow counterterrorism mission. #DemDebate
COVID-19 cases are on the rise across the nation.  But instead of leading by example, Donald Trump continues to put others in danger with his campaign events that ignore expert-recommended precautions.  Every day he proves just how unfit he is to lead America through this crisis.
The next president will inherit a country divided — and a world in disarray. There will be no time for on-the-job training.  We need a president who is ready on day one.
I was never more proud to serve as Vice President than on the day President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act. As president, I’ll protect the progress we’ve made and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives quality, affordable health care. 
Two years ago, we watched in horror as 58 precious lives were cut short in the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. As we remember those we lost in Las Vegas, we must honor them with action. We cannot let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer.
Please. 
Go to the Democratic convention, meet the President, and spend time with the First Lady—airfare’s on us: 
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. That’s why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose what’s best for them.
Congratulations to the teachers of Dedham, Massachusetts, on a successful strike and for securing a fair contract. It's past time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
We need a president who will work to lower the temperature — not raise it. A president who will bring people together and find solutions to the challenges we face.  That's what I went to Kenosha to do today, and it's what I'll do every day in the White House. 
If President Trump has his way in the U.S. Supreme Court, long-term complications from COVID-19, like lung scarring and heart damage, will become pre-existing conditions that could result in higher premiums or denied coverage.  It’s unconscionable.
Wear a mask. Wash your hands. Vote out Donald Trump.
I’ve dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who is ready on day one. 
I'm running for president to rebuild the backbone of our country—the middle class. And this time, we'll bring everyone along, so every American family can live a life of dignity.  If you’re with me, join the campaign by pitching in what you can today: 
“We have a lot of obligations—only one truly sacred one, and that is to equip those we send to war &amp; care for those who come home from war.”
On this Venezuelan Independence Day, my thoughts are with Venezuelans who continue to work tirelessly for the cause of democracy. It’s time for free and fair elections so that the Venezuelan people can turn the page on the corrupt and repressive Maduro regime.
The American people can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump’s art of no deals.
“Women everywhere are counting on us, and they can't wait any longer.”—VP Biden: 
This isn’t about politics. This is about the future of our country. Grateful for your support, Secretary Powell. 
Folks, we don't have to put up with four more years of that. 
This. This is Donald Trump's America. 
Honored to work with a woman of great courage, my friend @ladygaga. With her leadership, and your help, we can change the culture. #ItsOnUs 
Pride is a global movement of love, self-expression, and community — resilient in the face of oppression and fear and hopeful for a better future. This month, let us recommit to those principles and remain steadfast in the fight for justice and equality. 
The fact is Donald Trump wasted an awful lot of time, and lives were lost as a consequence. 
The House carried out its constitutional duty in impeaching Donald Trump. Regardless of the outcome in the Senate, we must stay focused on doing everything we can to ensure he doesn’t get elected to a second term. Join us: 
I’m about to join #TeamJoe at our #LJ19 Celebration Pre-Party in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live: 
President Trump promised the opioid crisis would end "quickly" if he won, but the fact is drug overdose deaths are up nearly 10% across the country. It's heartbreaking.  As president, I promise I'll take action to end this epidemic. 
There's a lot at "steak" in this election. #SteakFry 
Dr. Biden: “Community colleges are a cornerstone of our education policies.”
Was on the hunt for doughnuts in Spartanburg. Mission accomplished. 
I’m running for president because we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s time for us to pick our heads up and remember who we are — this is the United States of America. There’s not a single thing we can’t do.
It’s critical to have a plan to combat climate change, but it’s going to take more than plans — it’s going to take leadership. I have the experience and relationships necessary to rally the world to meet the urgency of this climate crisis. #ClimateTownHall 
More than 1,000 people died from COVID yesterday.  @realDonaldTrump watched eight hours of TV.  If I’m president, you might not always agree with me. But I promise you I will always show up and fight for you. 
I can promise you this: I will do whatever it takes to make progress on the issues that matter most. 
Something is wrong in America when the average Latina makes just over half what the average non-Latino white man makes. Donald Trump has undone much of what we did in the White House to fix the gender pay gap. When I'm president, I'll work to right that wrong. #LatinaEqualPayDay
RT if you agree that Social Security should be protected—not written off as a Ponzi scheme: 
Overturning Citizens United is an important step in ending the corrupting influence of money in our politics, but we must go further.  As president, I will introduce a constitutional amendment to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections.  
Incredible performance from my friend @LadyGaga. You amaze me — and not just onstage. Proud to work with you to end sexual assault. #ItsOnUs 
No president can take our country to war without the informed consent of the American people. #DemDebate
The prospect of direct conflict with Iran is greater than ever. Does Donald Trump have a strategy for what comes next?  Nothing we have seen from this Administration suggests that they are prepared to deal with the risks we now confront. 
Donald Trump should release his taxes or shut up about corruption. 
As we celebrate 242 years of freedom this week, we must never forget that democracy is not a given. Democracy demands diligence. Democracy demands engagement. And sometimes, democracy demands sacrifice of its citizens. 
The deadly violence we saw overnight in Portland is unacceptable. Shooting in the streets of a great American city is unacceptable.  I condemn violence of every kind by anyone, whether on the left or the right. And I challenge Donald Trump to do the same. 
Dr. Biden on VP Biden: “He always says his proudest accomplishment was pushing for and passing the Violence Against Women Act.”
As we celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth, we not only honor the past but recognize the history being written every day by folks like Milton. I'm grateful he's on our team. Watch his story: 
Let me be clear: LGBTQ+ rights are human rights — and “LGBT-free zones” have no place in the European Union or anywhere in the world. 
Attending one of the rallies in person or taking part online? Tweet your thoughts and photos with the hashtag #Obama2012
We the People. Those three words changed everything. #TeamJoe 
Together, we can put an end to the last four years of darkness, division, and chaos.  We can unite, mend our wounds, and begin to heal.  It starts at the ballot box:  
“I don't live in a country that's dependent or declining. There is no give-up anywhere in America.”—VP Biden
Arianna’s a supporter of our campaign who’s been organizing food drives for her community during the COVID crisis. My team told me about her work, so @BarackObama and I decided to surprise her with a call. 
I'm running for president to unite this country. There's nothing we cannot do if we do it together. 
I know it’s Halloween, but Donald Trump has really been scaring me lately.   Chip in $5 if he’s scaring you too: 
We need a president who will always choose science over fiction.
Imagine all the progress we could make in the next four years. We could make health care a right, lead on climate change, and get assault weapons out of our schools. It could all be a reality — but first, we have to beat Donald Trump. 
Grateful for all the support at last night’s Galivants Ferry Stump in South Carolina! It’s time we get up, come together as a nation, and lead the world once again. Because there’s not a single thing we cannot do together. 
VP in Blacksburg, VA: “To paraphrase President Clinton, Gov. Romney’s proposals on the economy are George Bush’s proposals on steroids.”
Virginia — early voting is now open! The future of our country is on the ballot, and your voice is absolutely critical to deciding who we are as a nation.   This is our moment.   Head to  to make a plan to vote.   Democracy depends on it. 
I pledge to be a president who seeks not to divide, but to unify.  Who doesn’t see red and blue states, but a United States.  And who will work with all my heart to win the confidence of the whole people.
I know times are tough — but we’re going to get through this.   We’ve got four big primaries coming up on Tuesday, and our campaign could really use your help. Chip in what you can — I really appreciate it:  
President Trump should stop attacking our nation's governors on Twitter and start delivering them the life-saving supplies they need. 
On Native Women's Equal Pay Day, we recognize the hard truth that Native women earn just $0.57 for every dollar a white man makes. It's unacceptable.  A Biden-Harris Administration will stand with women in Indian Country and pass legislation to close the gender wage gap. 
We have an erratic, crazy president who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy and operates out of fear for his own re-election. #DemDebate 
3 days.  Stay empowered, stay optimistic, stay united.
Folks, I know a thing or two about vice presidential debates.  In 2008, I squared off against Governor Palin. And in 2012, I called out Congressman Ryan's malarkey.  I know @KamalaHarris will do a great job. Join me and tune in at 9 PM ET to cheer her on.
I'm about to roll out my plan to make the economic recovery work. Tune in now: 
Karen in NH: “It’s about time the tax code was refurbished so it not only benefits the wealthy but helps everybody." 
“We're going to give tax breaks to companies that invest in America, not invest overseas. We're going to cut our oil imports by half.”
This team is ready to lead the world, not retreat from it.  Ready to confront our adversaries, not reject our allies.  And ready to stand up for our values. 
Meeting Tina brightened my day — and she made a pretty good point at the end. 
If this reporting is true, this complaint is deeply concerning and needs to be independently investigated immediately. These women are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. Practices like this would end in a Biden Administration. 
You lost your freedom because President Trump didn't act. #BidenTownHall 
Now is not the time for a victory lap, Mr. President. Just because your wealthy friends and donors are doing well doesn't mean everyone else is.  Get off the golf course. Call the leaders of Congress to the White House. And make a deal that delivers for working people.
Thank you @Gwen4Congress and the people of Milwaukee for hosting this year's Democratic National Convention. I wish we could be there to celebrate in person, but I look forward to virtually coming together with folks across the country to make history. #DemConvention
If we don't defeat Donald Trump, the character of this nation will be fundamentally and forever altered. 
The first Corvette was #MadeInAmerica (Flint, MI) on this day in 1953. 
As president, I will choose:   Hope, not fear. Peace, not violence. Generosity, not greed.   I’ll appeal to the best in us, not the worst.
This Sunday night, settle in and join labor leader Dolores Huerta, actor John Leguizamo, Secretary Hilda Solis, and Congresswoman Escobar for a #TodosConBiden discussion. Tune in now: 
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be — it's all at stake. We've got to beat Donald Trump.  Register to vote today to help us do it: 
The American people are generous, decent, good, and fair. In times of crisis, we come together as one. We look out for our neighbors and lend a hand to those in need. We will get through this, together. I promise.
This is not a moment — it's a movement.  Rise up and be a part of it with the original cast of Hamilton.  Chip in to join: 
We need an effective, coordinated nationwide testing and tracing program. We need more PPE for health care workers. We need a comprehensive plan to get this virus under control.  We need this president to do his job.
Harris County Deputy Sandeep Dhaliwal was a hero and a trailblazer who selflessly served his community every day. @DrBiden and I are keeping his family and loved ones in our hearts. 
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: All men—and women—are created equal.  We’ve never fully lived up to it, but we won’t stop trying.  As we mark the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment, let’s make sure we don’t wait another 100 years to fulfill that founding promise.
Make no mistake, the Trump Administration added a citizenship question to the Census to deliberately cut out the voices of immigrants and communities of color. It’s wrong and goes against our core values as a nation.
We don’t say it enough — Barack Obama was a great president. And I’m proud to have worked alongside him. 
We have to treat climate change like the existential threat it is. As president, I will:  - End subsidies for fossil fuel corporations - Ban new drilling on federal lands &amp; waters - Hold oil executives accountable - Rally the world to raise the commitments of the Paris Agreement
3: What is the plan to allocate and distribute vaccines to Americans cost-free, safely, equitably, and without politics?   President Trump should release a detailed distribution plan to ensure every American — not just the wealthy and well-connected — receives the vaccine.
As individuals, and as a nation, we have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to lead—not just with the example of our power, but the power of our example.  I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our government. 
Happy Father's Day! MT @BeauBiden: #HappyFathersDay to all dads today, incl. 3 of the best out there! 
The stakes in this election have never been higher. Over the last few months, we've seen how wholly unfit Donald Trump is to lead our nation.  We have to vote him out of the White House this November.
The core values of this nation… our standing in the world… our very democracy...everything that has made America -- America --is at stake. That’s why today I’m announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. #Joe2020 
Our planet cannot take four more years of Donald Trump. 
Wishing a Happy Labor Day to the hard-working Americans who make our country great. 
Trump's international failures have cleared a path for Cuba to join the UN Human Rights Council. This would betray Cuba's political prisoners and further undermine U.S. diplomacy. As President, I will lead by empowering the Cuban people and defending human rights.
Let me be clear: Anyone who is responsible for plunging and ensnaring America in this crisis — anyone who could do so without an ounce of shame or a shred of empathy — should not be president. 
We shouldn't have to beg this president to listen to the experts.
I wish the president would spend less time talking and tweeting and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci. This isn’t politics. This is life and death. 
To every person who chipped in a few dollars last month — thank you. Because of your support, we raised an astounding $383 million. I'm incredibly humbled.  There's still more work to be done, but I wanted to share the good news with Trimicka, one of our grassroots supporters. 
I'm proud to stand with @SEIU1984 and NH’s state employees as they fight for fair wages — Governor Sununu cannot shortchange workers with a contract that doesn't fairly compensate them. #UnionsForAll #NHPolitics
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but his inept response is.  He ignored the warnings for months, downplayed the threat it posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak.  It's one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
I’ve known @HillaryClinton for years, and know that her dedication and passion for bettering our country are second to none. I’m grateful for her endorsement and for her friendship — and look forward to working alongside her to get Donald Trump out of the White House. 
America’s unions and workers are standing up and demanding better. Together, we will rebuild the great American middle class and ensure every worker receives the pay and benefits they deserve. 
The VP on the importance of a good education—RT if you agree: 
The events of this past week in Syria have made clear just how dangerous Donald Trump is to our national security, to our leadership around the world, and to the lives of our brave men and women serving in uniform. 
DREAMers should be treated like the Americans that they are. It's past time for Congress to provide a pathway to citizenship and a fair shot at the American dream. #HomeIsHere 
A $15 an hour minimum wage is long overdue, but it’s just the start. We have to make sure every single worker receives the pay and dignity they deserve.
Summer vacation season has started, but many hardworking Americans like the @ATUComm members currently striking the VTA/TCI aren’t taking a break in their fight for safe working conditions, higher wages, and good benefits. I’m proud to stand with them.
“We've cut taxes for everyone in the middle class—$3,600 for the average family.”—VP Biden in North Carolina
President Obama and Vice President Biden have a plan to move the economy forward—check it out: 
Nebraska — today is your last day to register to vote online and by mail. Head to  to get registered before it’s too late.
I am calling on every CEO in America to publicly commit now to not buying back their company's stock over the course of the next year. As workers face the physical and economic consequences of the coronavirus, our corporate leaders cannot cede responsibility for their employees.
I’m about to take the stage in Iowa to discuss Donald Trump’s reckless actions in Syria. Tune in now to watch live: 
The vast majority of Americans want common-sense gun safety reform. We need leaders with the backbone to stand up to the @NRA and get it done. 
Unilaterally putting the Iran deal at risk does not isolate Iran. It isolates us: 
Donald Trump’s failure to fight the coronavirus with the same energy and focus that he uses to troll his enemies on Twitter has cost us lives — and is putting hope for an economic recovery at risk.
Climate change is the existential crisis of our time. On day one, I'll rejoin the Paris Agreement — and then rally the world to push our progress further.
Southern Florida chose a proven leader and consensus builder yesterday. Congratulations to @Annette_Taddeo, Florida’s newest State Senator.
My dad instilled a lot in me, but perhaps most important is the belief that there’s no higher calling than to be a good parent. Happy Father’s Day to all the dads working to help raise their children — and all our children — to be honorable, generous, and kind. 
Join Senator Kamala Harris and Symone Sanders for a town hall addressing the impact and disparities of COVID-19 in the Black community. Tune in now: 
Donald Trump failed to repeal the ACA in Congress. Now he has turned to the courts to sabotage it — and is threatening protections for more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions in the process. We need to protect Obamacare — and build on it. 
Not a joke, folks, we just launched our new podcast. It’s called "Here's the Deal." For our first episode, I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, for a discussion on COVID-19.  Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts.
Along with Senator Feinstein, I got assault weapons and high-capacity magazines banned in this country for ten years. As president, I’ll make sure they’re banned once again. 
This was a big week for our campaign: @KamalaHarris joined me on the ticket and we had our best fundraising week yet. Together, we are building the coalition that will beat Donald Trump.  Chip in if you’re able to keep the momentum going: 
When you give the American people a chance, they'll never let you down. Happy to be here in Ohio today. -Joe 
Lilly Ledbetter: Romney's position on pay equity is a "terrible injustice" for women. 
If I am elected President, I guarantee you I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. Because it's personal. 
Donald Trump doesn’t think it matters if candidates accept damaging intel on their opponent from a foreign government. He’s dead wrong.  That’s why I’m signing the Pledge for Election Integrity. I refuse to help those who seek to undermine our democracy.  
.@AdyBarkan — The courage you show every day is an inspiration to so many, and I'm grateful to have you by my side in this fight. We may not agree on everything, but this we do: Health care is a right — not a privilege. And we're going to make that a reality, together. 
“This is a President who says what he means, means what he says, and does what he says.”—VP Biden introducing President Obama in Ohio today
I know times are tough, but we have to campaign as hard as ever to take the strongest fight possible to Donald Trump. He has a lot more money than us, and we need your help to close the gap.  If you can, please chip in today: 
Last night, the great Rev. Joseph E. Lowery passed away, leaving an indelible mark on our country's history towards progress. He never once wavered in his spirit and in the resolve to end injustice — wherever he saw it. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. 
You have my word: if I have the honor of serving as your president, I will do everything in my power to defeat COVID-19.  Here’s my plan to get it done: 
Why Romney’s tax plan just doesn’t add up:  #MittMath
Puerto Rico should not be treated any differently than if this happened anywhere else in America — it's wrong. We should be surging all the help that is needed to fix the damage done by the earthquakes. 
If #DNC2012 has you fired up, do something about it: Commit to vote today. 
There was only one candidate onstage who helped create—and then signed—a Pledge for Election Integrity, promising to use no disinformation or tolerate outside interference in the election or our democracy. #DemDebate
You have it in your control to determine what this country’s gonna look like the next four years. Is it going to change –– or are you going to get four more years of these lies? 
The next president will face the enormous task of picking up the pieces left by President Trump. They will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize the world to meet new challenges. There will be no time to lose. 
Donald Trump is so eager to get back to his campaign rallies that he’s willing to put people at risk and violate CDC guidelines — as long as they sign a waiver promising not to hold his campaign liable.  Unbelievable.
Prescription drug corporations are profiteering off of the pocketbooks of sick individuals — it’s wrong.   It’s time to stand up to this abuse of power – and I’m ready to take on the battle as president. Read my plan: 
To the families and friends of those we've lost due to COVID-19 — Jill and I send our love and prayers.  We know how tough it is to find purpose in the memory of the loved one you lost. It will take time — but you will find it, and we will find our purpose as a nation. 
We have to champion liberty and democracy. We have to reclaim our credibility. We have to look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future.  Head to  to read our full plan.
What the hell makes you think I need an Ivy League degree to be president? #BidenTownHall 
Today, I am back in the Hawkeye State, discussing the issues that impact the lives of LGBTQ Americans at the #IowaForum. Tune in live: 
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough.  As president, I’ll name a Secretary of Education who is actually an educator.
In a Biden-Harris administration, “Buy American” will be more than a slogan.   We’re going to invest an additional $400 billion in purchasing American-made products and keep good-paying jobs here at home. 
Now, as then, our heroes are ordinary people doing extraordinary things: nurses and doctors; delivery drivers and grocery clerks; public transit workers and educators; regular Americans thrust into courageous acts of sacrifice and service.
The Vice President chats about the plan to #RebuildAmerica:  
It’s been over six months since the first confirmed case of COVID-19 in the United States, and President Trump still doesn't have an effective plan to contain its spread. It's an unjustifiable failure of leadership that costs lives every day.
To all the nurses on the frontlines of this fight, thank you. You are American heroes. 
This is an important step by Walmart, but we must go further. If we want to end our gun violence epidemic, we must start by passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.  It's your turn to act, Senate Republicans. 
Inspiring words from @BarackObama today.  A powerful reminder that it's on all of us to vote this fall if we want leaders who reflect the civility, character, dignity, and goodness of the American people. The stakes couldn't be higher, but Americans always rise to the occasion.
President Trump has lied to Iowa farmers at every turn. He promised to ‘unleash ethanol’ but instead all he’s done is secretly unleash Big Oil from its renewable fuel obligations.  I'll support our farmers—not sell them out to the highest bidder. 
Make no mistake: This economic crisis is due to President Trump’s failure to get this virus under control. 
VP Biden on Pell Grants: “We expanded by 3 million people the number of kids from working-class families who get a grant to attend college.”
Donald Trump said he wanted to be a cheerleader for the country. We didn't need a cheerleader. We needed a president.
South Carolina was just the launching pad. Our campaign is taking off, and we need your help. Head to  to get involved in your community. 
Folks, we’re just a few hours away from our end-of-quarter deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way to helping us catch up to Donald Trump.  If you can, please chip in today: 
We’ve got to protect and expand Social Security — I’ll get it done as President. 
I'm proud to stand with @seiuhcpa and Regional Hospital of Scranton workers in their fight for higher wages, access to affordable health insurance, and a fair contract that invests in the future of their hospital.
The truth of the matter is, Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he inherited in his life, he squandered it. 
While we hope to soon return to some sense of normalcy in our lives, we cannot allow ourselves to return to the everyday gun violence that has plagued our past. We need to pass common-sense reforms and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Every day we are being reminded what this election is about. Who we are. What we stand for. What we believe. I am running to offer our country a different path – not back to a past that never was, but to a future that fulfills our true potential as a country.
"We have a responsibility not only to vote... but to bring this country together when tomorrow is over." -VP Biden with @timkaine
We're just one full day into 2020 and there have already been at least three mass shootings across the country.   Enough is enough. We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic.
.@AndrewYang and I covered a lot of ground on the next episode of Here's the Deal, but the most surprising part might have been learning about his connection to the Roosevelts.  Make sure to tune in for the full episode tomorrow morning:  
Tune in as I deliver remarks on the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and the future of the Supreme Court. 
The Trump Administration is denying Temporary Protected Status to Bahamians escaping the devastation of Hurricane Dorian. It’s heartless and goes against everything we stand for as a nation.  The cruelty of this administration truly knows no bounds. 
99 years ago today, the 19th Amendment was ratified—enshrining in our Constitution that the right to vote cannot be denied based upon sex.  Today, access to the ballot box is still out of reach for too many Americans—it’s up to every single one of us to break down the barriers.
This is our moment — ours together — to write a newer, bolder, more compassionate chapter in the life of our nation.
- More than 60,000 people in the U.S. have died - 30 million have filed for unemployment - At least 1 million have gotten sick  Enough with the late night Twitter tantrums, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up and lead.
Obamacare was—and is—a big deal. As president, I’ll protect and build on it, lower health care costs, and give Americans the opportunity to choose a new public option.  We’re going to make sure everyone has access to the affordable health care they need. 
When everyone around you is shouting about health care reform but you're the only one who has gotten anything big done. 
The lack of coronavirus testing in the U.S. is a national disgrace. 
We can protect the sacred right to vote and protect public health at the same time.
We've seen what happens when the federal government fails to secure sufficient supplies of critical products like PPE — and we can't let it happen again. So today, I'm releasing my plan to rebuild U.S. supply chains: 
Donald Trump has failed to live up to our trust and treaty obligations to Native Americans. It’s unacceptable.  I’ll make meaningful investments in Indian Country — including increasing funding for Indian Health Services and making that funding mandatory. 
Ohio, get fired up—VP Biden is holding a grassroots event in Lordstown on Friday. Follow @OFA_OH for the latest!
Being a progressive means actually making progress. I’m the only one in this race who has beaten the NRA nationally and passed real gun safety reform — and I’ll do it again as president. #DemDebate 
I view wearing a mask as a patriotic duty — to protect those around you. #BidenTownHall
I am the president-elect, but will not be president until next year. COVID-19 does not respect dates on the calendar, it is accelerating right now. Urgent action is needed today, now, by the current administration.
13 million people who had jobs when you took office are unemployed today. 
A president should use the full might of the executive branch to secure justice, dignity, and safety for all. Instead, President Trump does the opposite — callously exerting his power over the most vulnerable.  We must send a clear message: We will not stand for this.
At this moment — when there is so much fear in the country and all across the world — we need American leadership. We need presidential leadership.  Today at 1:00 PM EST, I’ll be addressing the nation on how we should be moving forward to confront the #CoronavirusPandemic.
We are in a climate emergency — and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet. 
This is Donald Trump’s America after one term. Why would we give him a second? 
In case you missed it, VP Biden rallied students in Eau Claire, Wisconsin yesterday: 
.@TheRock is right: Your vote is your voice — and it’s up to all of us to make our voices heard this November.  Make your plan to vote today:  
The honest truth is both elements are part of the American character. At our best, the American ideal wins out. But it’s never a rout. It’s always a fight. And the battle is never finished.
Our students and educators cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
As president, I’ll take on the powerful gun lobby to pass universal background checks, ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, and close loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands. We can and will end our gun violence epidemic.
Proud to stand with folks in Las Vegas fighting against a proposed ordinance that effectively criminalizes homelessness. Like we did in the Obama-Biden Administration, we should focus on providing housing first and work to find long-term solutions to end homelessness.
In this moment, we're facing both a public health crisis and an economic crisis because Donald Trump failed to do his job. I'm in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, to discuss what I'll do to get our nation back on track. Tune in. 
We are a country with an open wound.  None of us can turn away. None of us can be silent. None of us any longer can hear those words — “I can’t breathe” — and do nothing.  We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our being. 
For those who have lost loved ones — I know this time of year is especially difficult. I will be thinking and praying for each and every one of you at your Thanksgiving table. 
We need to build an economy that reflects our values.  My administration will reverse the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations. We'll then use that money to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
In 100 days, we have the chance to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot at success.  Join us:  
Show us your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump.
We need to give young immigrants who came to our country as children permanent assurance that they are safe here, and we need to give them this peace of mind now. They shouldn’t have to spend another day living with fear and uncertainty.
Twelve years of education is not enough. In order to rebuild a strong middle class, we must provide skills needed to do the jobs of the 21st Century.
President Trump’s decision to take billions from the military to build his wall is an unabashed abuse of power. It endangers the American people and forfeits investments in our future, security, and children — all to score political points. 
The number is overwhelming, but each one represents a life thrown into uncertainty, a family unable to make ends meet, and a community worried about how it will recover.  We have to do more to help them. Now. 
If you’re proud of President Obama after tonight’s debate, add your name:  #TeamBarack
.@JoeBiden on President Obama: “He set in motion a policy that ended the war in Iraq responsibly.”
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were. We need to build a better future for all.
50 days until Election Day. 50 days to do everything we can to make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Chip in to power our campaign through this final stretch: 
Stopped by Dulan's On Crenshaw to serve some food and chat about why I'm running for president. A great way to start our trip to Los Angeles! 
Thank you, Texas! 
The pandemic is not a red state versus blue state issue. The virus doesn’t care where you live or what political party you belong to.  It infects us all. It will take anyone’s life. It is a virus — not a political weapon.
Return your ballots, folks.  
Trump's immigration policies are an assault on human dignity. We aren't a country that denies children soap and a toothbrush. This is not who we are. #DemDebate
Many states have same-day voter registration. Head to  to see if your state allows you to register before voting today and make your voice heard.
I believe rebuilding the middle class is the moral obligation of our time. We have to build a stronger, more inclusive, more resilient middle class — one that can withstand the next public health crisis or whatever else comes our way. 
“We have already made so much progress. We have doubled funding for Pell Grants and reformed the student loan process.”—Dr. Biden
This moment is bigger than any one political party. We've got to come together as Americans to save our democracy and restore the soul of our nation. Thank you, Senator @JeffFlake. 
First Trump gave a green light to Erdogan to ethnically cleanse Kurds who helped us defeat ISIS. Now he welcomes Erdogan with open arms and sweetheart deals. It’s hard to avoid the conclusion that, once again, Trump’s personal interests, not US interests, are driving his policy.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president who listens to someone other than himself? 
On day one, Joe Biden will move to:  ✅ Eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy ✅ Eliminate the unjustified loopholes in our tax code ✅ Use that money to invest in America’s future  #DemDebate
America was built on the simple idea that we're all created equal—but we've never lived up to it. We've had to fight for it. And we've got to recognize the women who have kept the fires of justice and equality blazing, lighting the way forward for us all. #WomensHistoryMonth
This heat wave is a reminder that we’re already feeling the impacts of climate change.. It’s clear we need to take drastic action now to solve our climate crisis and protect the planet for future generations.  Stay safe this weekend. 
We can't be blind to the way environmental burdens—like air pollution—are distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines. 
The work we began that night ten years ago in Grant Park is unfinished.   If you still believe, as I do, that hope is more powerful than fear, then show up and vote. And bring five people with you. 
From ensuring everyone has quality, affordable health care to action on climate change — everything is on the line in this election. #TeamJoe 
The ACLU says that the Trump Administration has continued to rip children from their parents, even after courts ordered them to stop. It’s inhumane &amp; goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants &amp; values.  I’ll end these cruel policies. 
The American people are rising to meet this moment. We need our president to do the same.
Thank you, Congressman Clyburn. 
Our country is crying out for leadership that Donald Trump can’t deliver. 
DREAMers know more about what it means to be an American than you ever will. 
President Trump doesn’t care about you. He doesn’t even care about his own supporters. 
We can’t afford four more years of President Trump attacking the progress we’ve made on climate change. On day one as president, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head on. 
Folks, there are just three days left to vote in this election, and we need your help to get people to the polls. Text three friends or family members and make sure they have a plan to vote. 
VP: “Over the last two years, [John] Deere has added 850 jobs—almost all of them good, union manufacturing jobs.” #BidenInIA
The Affordable Care Act was and is a big deal. It covered 20 million more people, protects more than 100 million people with pre-existing conditions, and expanded Medicaid — giving millions of Americans the peace of mind that comes with health insurance.
Tax cuts for the super-wealthy. Bailouts for large corporations. Working Americans left behind.  That’s Donald Trump’s record. 
For centuries, Notre Dame Cathedral has withstood wars, revolutions, and the test of time. It is a symbol of faith &amp; a testament to history. And even as our hearts break to see it burn today during the holiest week of the year for Catholics, I have faith that it will rise again.
This election is Scranton vs. Park Avenue — and with your help, Scranton will win. 
Americans should decide American elections. Period. 
Today’s announcement that the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal is a profound mistake.  
American history isn’t a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. But we have the power to write the future we want for this nation.  Don't let anyone tell you differently.
We have to address what’s happening in America. We continue to bear witness to acts of terror carried out with a common thread: hatred of “the other.” We saw it in Charlottesville two years ago, at synagogues in Pittsburgh and Poway, and now in El Paso.
Now he’s switched to falsely telling us that he’s taking action that he has not taken, and promising results that he’s not delivering. People are scared. They're frightened. And their president is just exacerbating their concerns.
Violence against transgender and gender non-conforming people — particularly Black and Brown transgender women — is an epidemic that needs national leadership. But Donald Trump has done nothing but fan the flames of transphobia.  It has to end. 
With just 47 days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to talk with voters across the country about what's at stake in this election. You can make a difference from wherever you live by going to  to get involved.
It’s time we build an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. An economy more vibrant and powerful because everyone is in on the deal. 
Folks, deadlines to vote early in-person are arriving across the country. Don’t wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot — head to  to find all the information you need to vote today. 
I understand the sleepless nights, wondering if your deployed child is safe, and all the added sacrifices military families face because their loved one chose selfless service.  As president, I'll take care of our troops and their families. 
When Donald Trump says tonight you won’t be safe in Joe Biden’s America, look around and ask yourself: How safe do you feel in Donald Trump’s America?
VP Biden’s swinging through the Buckeye State this week—we’ll be tweeting about his trip with the hashtag #MadeInOhio
Hace dos años, el presidente Trump intentó terminar con DACA, obligando a nuestros DREAMers a vivir con miedo y caos. Es cruel.  Los soñadores son estadounidenses. Es hora de que el Congreso cumpla con nuestra promesa y les proporcione un camino hacia la ciudadanía.
While not every vote in Nevada has been counted yet, one thing is clear: our comeback starts here. Now, we’re headed to South Carolina where we’re all-in to win.   Chip in to help fuel our victory: 
The choice in this election couldn’t be more clear.  We can choose four more years of Donald Trump’s dark and divisive politics.  Or we can choose a path of hope and light—and build a better future for all.  Chip in to help us win. #BidenTownHall 
The majority of middle class Americans don't think their kids will have the same standard of living they have — that's never happened before. Under my administration, every American will have a fighting shot. 
I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to affordable, quality health care. With my plan, if you like your private insurance, you can keep it. 
This afternoon, @KamalaHarris and I met with a bipartisan group of governors from the @NatlGovsAssoc’s Executive Committee. We might be Democrats and Republicans, but we’re Americans first — and together, we’re going to beat COVID-19. 
It’s about time we start rewarding workers with the resources to live with dignity &amp; respect—that begins with better wages and benefits, and the right to collectively organize and strike. Today, I stand with @unitehere airline catering workers as they rally together at DCA. #1Job
America is an idea. An idea that for centuries has offered hope to the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses yearning to breathe free.   We won’t let Donald Trump and his administration change that. 
Ending gun violence is on the ballot. We have to take on the powerful gun lobby and pass common-sense measures that will keep our kids safe. I've beaten the @NRA twice — and I'll do it again as president. 
Compare your tax rate to Mitt Romney's:  #BuffettRule
Grateful beyond words to have @PeteButtigieg’s endorsement. A guy of enormous integrity. Someone who has as much moral courage as he has physical courage. Welcome to the team, Mayor Pete. 
Let’s be clear — Medicare for All not only ends private health coverage, it eliminates millions of jobs, and increases taxes on the middle class. #DemDebate 
Together, we can and will rebuild our economy. And when we do, we'll not only build it back — we'll build it back better. 
Texas — early voting begins today across the state.  Your voice can change the course of history — use it.  Head to  and make a plan to vote early today. 
The VP’s plan for today: talking to grassroots supporters all over New Hampshire.
I know firsthand how hard it can be to take care of an aging family member. It's why as president, I'll ease the financial burden on families and expand access to dignified care for older Americans. 
Rebuilding America’s middle class is the major moral obligation of our time. And today, House Democrats took an important step forward in that fight by passing the #RaiseTheWage Act. It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class. 
Thanks for acknowledging this, Bernie. These kinds of attacks have no place in this primary. Let’s all keep our focus on making Donald Trump a one-term president. 
If you give a climate arsonist four more years in the White House, why would anyone be surprised if more of America is ablaze? 
We will not allow this pandemic to rob our young people of the futures and the economic opportunities they have been working to build. 
VP: "A simple answer: He's raising the cost of Medicare." #FactsMatter
In a moment of crisis, Jason Seaman showed incredible courage. Running directly into gunfire to save his students’ lives. What a hero. 
Our motivated students make me believe America’s best days are still ahead. Thank you to Mayor @Mike_Rawlings and @SPARKDallas for a great afternoon. 
Whether it's $7.50, $75, or $750 — every donation makes a big difference during this final stretch.  Chip in to help us get Donald Trump out of the White House: 
As President, I will see to it that America once again stands for human rights. That doesn't mean rights only for some, but rights for all — each and every American, and every person, everywhere. No exceptions. 
Mayor Pete likes to call me part of the old failed Washington. Was it a failure when I helped pass Obamacare, the Paris Agreement, the Violence Against Women Act, or the assault weapons ban?  I have a stronger record of passing big, progressive legislation than anyone running.
On Black Women's Equal Pay Day, we must recognize the cumulative discrimination black women face due to both their gender and color of their skin and renew our efforts to close the gender pay gap. When I say we have to rebuild the middle class—that means everyone comes along. 
On this Indigenous People’s Day, we must both recognize the past that has brought us here, and commit to one another to write a new future of promise, partnership, and equal opportunity for the proud Tribal Nations of our country. 
.@RepCummings is one of the finest people I’ve ever served with. It is despicable for you to attack him and the people of Baltimore this way. Once again you have proved yourself unfit to hold the office. A President is supposed to lift this nation up. Not tear it down.
Our planet just experienced the hottest September on record — yet President Trump continues to dismiss the devastating effects of climate change. As president, I’ll address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing our climate emergency. 
Thank you @iamwill and @IAMJHUD for this powerful video.  Hate has no place in the United States — and on November 3rd we will prove that. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And in this moment, we all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We will give hate no safe harbor.
The President is speaking on economic fairness tomorrow at 1:45pm ET. RSVP to watch live: 
I’m more optimistic about America’s future today than I was when I was first elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old kid. There’s not a single thing we cannot do — if we do it together.
9 days. Let’s go.
Today, President Trump denies the evidence in front of his own eyes, hides climate science produced by his own administration, and actively works to roll back what progress we have already made.  It’s reckless, it’s irresponsible, and it’s unacceptable. 
I wish this Senate would force a consensus choice—as we did with Justice Kennedy—it no longer has the will.
American leadership has served as the backbone of NATO since its founding 70 years ago — until President Trump. His abdication of America’s traditional leadership role could not come at a more critical moment for the alliance. 
When we build back better, we will do so with higher wages — including a $15 minimum wage — better benefits and stronger collective bargaining rights that you can raise a family on.  That’s how we will build back the middle class better than ever.
“Because of President Obama’s leadership, Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive.”—Vice President Biden
The VP’s welcoming some #TopCops to the White House tomorrow as part of his long-standing commitment to our nation’s first responders.
Kay Hagan was a courageous soul who lived every day of her too-short life with incredible dignity and character, even as the days became more difficult physically. Jill and I are deeply saddened by this news and extend our condolences to her entire family. 
When leaders like Admiral McRaven speak, we should listen. Donald Trump is a threat to our national security — his erratic, impulsive decisions make us all less safe. We cannot give him eight years in the White House. 
RT @OFA_IA: Whaddya mean you haven't RSVP'd to see @JoeBiden in Waterloo tomorrow? Better hurry, today's the last day: 
Alright, folks. We're doing a happy hour tonight and you're invited. Join us at 6:30 PM ET at  
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he does bear full responsibility for his slow, uncoordinated, bungled response. 
The VP’s having coffee with a supporter, and it could be you. Pitch in for your chance to have a cup of joe with Joe: 
I'm going to keep speaking out on the importance of standing up to the Kremlin through my work @PennBiden. My colleague @mikercarpenter and I have written in @ForeignAffairs about the steps we need to take to defend our democracy. 
90% of Democrats support protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option like Medicare. #DemDebate 
The future of our planet is on the ballot. 
The United States of America has emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation it has faced. And if we come together, follow the science, and keep faith with each other, we will once again. I promise.
The Speaker is right. Trump and Senate Republicans should stop playing politics and support TPS protection for vulnerable Venezuelans now. 
Giving the Trump administration another four years in office would have catastrophic implications for future generations. His victory would threaten the future of our democracy, and we must vote him out this November. 
“The action that the President took with regard to Medicare has made the system solvent … through 2024.”—VP Biden in Florida
President Trump asked a foreign government to interfere in our elections, and now he's spending $10 million on attack ads against me. It's clear that he is trying to influence the primary and pick his opponent.  Why? Because he knows I’ll beat him like a drum.
If President Trump had ever visited our troops serving in Afghanistan, he would know this isn't true. 
.@KamalaHarris and I won't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we're going to build back better and create a new American economy. Watch as my friend @JulianCastro explains. 
Selling off public services to private interests at the expense of workers and their communities should be a non-starter. Congratulations to the members of @ATUComm, who went on strike for 84 days to fight for their rights — and won. 
Check out what it’s like to be a part of the #Obama2012 campaign—then sign up to get involved: 
Thank you for your endorsement, Mayor @EricGarcetti. I’m proud to walk with firefighters, Angelenos, and Americans. And today, I’m proud to walk with you. Let’s do this. 
VP at NEA, on Romney: “I can't think of a candidate for president who’s ever made such a direct assault on such an honorable profession.”
Mr. President, I hope we can gather in Milwaukee, but that is going to depend on you stepping up and doing what needs to be done to handle this pandemic. I have laid out how you can do that:  Happy to discuss anytime. 
The fact of the matter is, the greed of drug companies fueled an opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. They should be held accountable for their actions, and this is an important step. 
We’ve come too far with the Affordable Care Act to tear it down and start over. Building on Obamacare with a new public option is the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. 
The hard truth is this pandemic didn’t have to be this bad. Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks down what a Biden administration would have done differently and what we would do now to get this virus under control: 
Let’s restore honor and decency to the White House.
No one should have to choose between putting food on their table or filling their prescription. That’s why the Biden administration will stand up to prescription drug corporations and take concrete action to lower costs for Americans. Read more: 
Every American who worries about getting health care when they get sick can breathe a sigh of relief today.
250 days. @Senatemajldr McConnell, do your job and bring the universal background check bill up for a vote. 
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. The @NABTU leaders I spoke with in Concord take up that fight for all of us every day.   Thank you @IBEW Local 490 for hosting us! 
Rev. Graham was spiritual advisor to a dozen Presidents - and countless millions of Americans. We remember his example of dignity and humility today, and Jill and I send our thoughts and condolences to the entire Graham family.
The President is in Cedar Rapids, Iowa today to speak up for the middle class—follow our live-tweet on @Obama2012 at 1:50pm ET.
We can’t allow the Good Friday Agreement that brought peace to Northern Ireland to become a casualty of Brexit.  Any trade deal between the U.S. and U.K. must be contingent upon respect for the Agreement and preventing the return of a hard border. Period. 
This Veterans Day, I feel the full weight of the honor and the responsibility that has been entrusted to me by the American people as the next president, and I vow to honor our country’s sacred obligation. 
.@SallyQYates is right: This president has done nothing but use his position to benefit himself rather than our country #DemConvention 
#BidenInstitute’s goal is to create a world-class destination for scholars, policymakers, activists and leaders.
The Trump Admin failed to provide enough testing, PPE, and safety enforcement. Workers have gotten sick, plants have closed, and the meat supply is at risk. It's past time workers have the protections they need to stay healthy and do their job safely. 
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t Donald Trump?  We deserve to know what this president is hiding.
It all comes down to this.  Go vote:  
Hay muchos asuntos que son complicados, pero algunas cosas son visiblemente claras. Las familias deben permanecer unidas. 
I had the opportunity to visit @YEPNOLA in New Orleans, Louisiana with @RepRichmond today. I commend the work they’re doing to ensure bright futures for the children in their community. 
If those in power don't take action to end our gun violence epidemic, we must vote them out. Period. 
We need a national ban on chokeholds. Now.
Be a patriot. Do your part.  Wearing a mask will protect you. But it will also protect those around you — your mom, your dad, your son, your daughter, your neighbor, your co-worker.  Don’t just do it for yourself. Do it for the people you love.
This pandemic isn't just going to go away because you want it to, Mr. President. Step up and do your job before your negligence costs even more lives than it already has. 
Let's make sure he doesn’t get four more years in the White House. If you’re with me, join our campaign and let’s get to work: 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Philadelphia, attended watch parties in all 50 states and Puerto Rico, and tuned in across the nation. We're just getting started. I know if we work together, there's nothing we can't do. Sign up to join us:  
Barack Obama was one hell of a president. 
Folks, I hope you saw what I saw tonight: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. –Joe
When it comes to meeting the existential crisis of our time, Trump has walked away from the table — literally. If we give Trump four more years, the planet may never recover from his utter disregard for the climate crisis and scientific fact.
Donald Trump said that if he’s re-elected, he’ll defund Social Security.  We can't let that happen.
Joe photo of the day: Provisioning an @OFA_FL field office in Orlando. 
America is full of possibilities. With Donald Trump out of the White House, we can:  - Solve the climate crisis - Rebuild the middle class - Make health care a right - Ensure our government works for all — not just the powerful
It’s go time, America.   
Immigrants are not your political props, Mr. President. 
I believe the moral obligation of our time is to rebuild our economy in a way that finally brings everyone along. A Biden Administration will encourage the economic empowerment of African Americans and close the racial wealth and income gaps.  Read more: 
Jill and I -- and the whole Biden family -- wish everyone a very safe and happy St. Patrick’s Day.
Voting is your right. If you have questions, reach out to the Voter Assistance Hotline at 1-833-336-8683. 
If Joe Biden was president, there would be no empty chair at the G-7. #ClimateTownHall
#TeamJoe is hosting house parties across the country to help kick off our campaign. RSVP at  to attend a watch party in your community.
Every voter counts. We need a president who is ready to listen to every voice. 
Their valor cemented in history their place of honor and it planted the seeds of what would grow to become the greatest military alliance in the history of the world—one that would preserve the peace and extend the hard won gains of democracy for their children and grandchildren.
.@AndrewYang is a leading voice about the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution. He brought fun and new ideas to the race. I'm grateful for it, and hope we hear more from him regarding how to ensure workers succeed in an era of increasing automation.
The news from Fort Worth is heartbreaking. Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive today. We cannot allow this to keep happening, we must reform our policing practices and hold officers accountable for their actions. 
Happy birthday to my brother and friend, @BarackObama! Serving alongside you for eight years was the greatest honor of my life — and I'm grateful to have you by my side for these next 91 days. 
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan economic plan: “There’s overwhelming evidence that their policies will not grow the economy.”
A first look at the cover for my new book, PROMISE ME, DAD  
For too long, corporations have stifled workers’ right to organize and collectively bargain for the pay and benefits they deserve.  That ends with a Biden administration.  We will hold corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with the rights of workers.
RT if you agree: Facts matter. 
China’s continuing oppression of its own people, especially the abuse and internment of more than one million Uyghurs, is one of the worst human rights crises in the world today. It can’t be ignored. Human rights must be at the core—not periphery—of our engagement in the world.
When we divert public funds to private schools, we undermine the entire public education system. We've got to prioritize investing in our public schools, so every kid in America gets a fair shot. That's why I oppose vouchers. #Espinoza
With just three days until Iowa, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what’s at stake in this election. Every conversation during this final stretch will make a big difference on Monday night. Sign up to volunteer today:  
Listen to VP Biden's speech on the budget now on @WHLive --&gt; 
I've found that the way to overcome enormous tragedy in your life is to turn that grief and pain into purpose. Christian Cooper and I discussed how we can take our collective pain in this moment and turn it into a catalyst for change: 
When we launched this campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. That battle begins tomorrow night in Iowa—and requires everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If you’re with me, let me know by committing to caucus today: 
Donald Trump should release his tax returns or shut up about corruption.
215,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 on Donald Trump’s watch.   It’s the greatest failure of presidential leadership in our nation’s history.
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water.  
It’s our responsibility to provide every middle and high school student a path to a successful career. 
8 states in 48 hours: Follow @BarackObama’s progress on the America Forward tour. 
Each week, I get hundreds of letters from people across the country. Folks share their hopes, ideas, struggles, and concerns — and I try to respond to as many as I can. We're going to share a few of them with you in our new series: Sincerely, Joe. 
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT terrorize families and indiscriminately target people who had lived here for years. #DemDebate
Five years after an act of hate struck Boston, the thousands of acts of charity and compassion on #OneBostonDay remind us once again that America will always own the finish line. Proud of you, Boston - today and always.
Donald Trump styled himself as a wartime president. But now it seems this president has surrendered. He has waved the white flag and left the field of battle when we need him most. It's unacceptable.  We need real leadership. Right now. 
I was proud to sign @IndivisibleTeam’s pledge. Our large and diverse set of qualified Democratic candidates is evidence of our strength as a party, and I am committed to supporting whomever becomes the nominee. The most important thing is to beat Donald Trump. Period. 
It’s a great day to vote! Grab a friend and head to your local polling place:  
It’s not enough to praise our essential workers — we have to protect and pay them.
A free press is essential to a free society. That's why attacking the press and attempting to intimidate independent media is a standard part of the authoritarian playbook around the world. And it’s why Donald Trump’s efforts to demonize the media put us on such a dangerous path.
It’s been 11 days since @UAW workers started their strike to fight for higher wages, good benefits, and their fair share of the profits. It’s time for GM to come to the bargaining table with a fair offer that ends the strike and gets its workers back on the job. 
As Muslim families across America and around the world celebrate the beginning of Ramadan, @DrBiden and I want to extend our best wishes to all who are observing this holy month. Ramadan Mubarak. 
My COVID-19 Transition Advisory Board will advise on detailed plans built on a bedrock of science, and that keep compassion, empathy, and care for every American at its core.
Voting restrictions in Georgia weren’t meant to protect the sanctity of our vote, but to suppress turnout. I applaud the court rulings to overturn them and right these wrongs.   We should be making voting easier, not harder. Now let’s prove nothing can stop us. Vote. 
Let’s get this President the second term he deserves. –Joe
We can't sit by and lose this country to Donald Trump. Today, we take it back — together.  Go vote:  
Congressman Lewis has always fought in the name of building a more just, more fair country. If there's anybody who can take the fight to cancer, it's you, John. Jill and I are sending our prayers to you and your family. Keep the faith, and keep up the fight. 
Let me be clear: Essential workers on the front lines of this crisis deserve premium pay, emergency paid sick leave, and protections that keep them safe.
Kids were ripped from their parents’ arms, and now they can't find their parents.  Those kids are alone. With nowhere to go.  It’s criminal. 
Donald Trump loves to crow about what a great economy he built.  This crisis has revealed what a failure Trumponomics has been. And American workers and families are paying the price.   Tune in for my remarks live on @nowthisnews at 12 PM EDT.
I know many are anxious about the spread of the coronavirus and the threat it poses. And my thoughts are with all those affected, our first responders and health care providers who are putting themselves on the line for others, and everyone making sacrifices to stop the spread.
There’s no better partner than @KamalaHarris to help me beat Donald Trump, but we can’t do it without your help.  Chip in today to help us win in November: 
Over the last few days, there has been a lot of misinformation on where Joe Biden stands when it comes to our marijuana laws. Read the facts below. #DemDebate 
I first met @KamalaHarris through my son Beau. They grew close while fighting to take on the big banks — and he had enormous respect for her and her work.  There is no one’s opinion I valued more than Beau’s, and I’m proud to have Kamala standing with me on this campaign.
It’s long past time we take action to end the scourge of gun violence in America.  As president, I’ll ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, implement universal background checks, and enact other common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic.
It’s time to remember who we are as Americans: Giving EVERYONE the opportunity to achieve the impossible.
We're going to rebuild the great American middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
It also laid the groundwork for other milestones and freedoms to follow — from the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Because when justice rings out for one group, it rings for all groups in America. We’re all made better.
I give you my word as a Biden: If I am elected president, I will do everything in my power to protect our children from gun violence. 
I applaud the Senate's landmark legislation formally recognizing the Armenian Genocide. If we don't fully acknowledge the past, “never again” loses its meaning. The facts must be as clear and as powerful for future generations as for those whose memories are seared by tragedy. 
But I am just not going to pretend that there is any legal basis for Republican subpoenas for my testimony in the impeachment trial. That is the point I was making yesterday and I reiterate: this impeachment is about Trump’s conduct, not mine.
It’s time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. America's workers deserve better. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with @UAW. 
Nevada, y’all did it for me! Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and organizers around the state. We couldn’t have done this without you.  Next stop: South Carolina! 
I’ve seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. We’ve got to do better. That’s why today, surrounded by America’s teachers, we laid out our plan for educators, students, and our future:  
It was great to be back with folks at Dartmouth College today for our Health Care Town Hall.  Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. A Biden administration will ensure health care is a right not a privilege—and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve. 
We need a president who listens. 
.@PeteButtigieg ran a historic, trail-blazing campaign based on courage, compassion, and honesty. We will be a better country for his continued service. This is just the beginning of his time on the national stage.
Over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions live in fear that their health care will be taken away from them.   I promise you I will not let that happen — we will protect and build on Obamacare. 
In two days, I’ll take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. If you haven’t yet, RSVP to attend a watch party in your community today:  
We can’t just build back to the way things were before these crises. We have to build a more inclusive, equitable future for all.  Here’s how we’ll do it:  
Our solemn obligation: 
Paul Ryan’s last major speech was called “stunning for its dishonesty.” Tune in to see if he’ll be honest tomorrow: 
“Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged on account of sex.”   Another step forward for equality and basic dignity in Delaware tonight, as the Equal Rights Amendment is enshrined in our state’s Constitution.
.@KamalaHarris is smart, tough, and experienced. She knows how to govern and make the hard calls.  She's ready to hit the ground running on day one.
Today we honor our nation’s fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. We will never forget.  – Joe
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I'll actually listen to the experts and heed their advice. Not silence them. 
Joe photo of the day: prepping for tonight’s debate. 
This is a big victory in the fight for voting rights. We should be making voting easier — not harder — and ensure every American can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
.@USWNT, congratulations on the big win and thank you for the jersey! Your talent, heart, and advocacy for equal pay represents the best of America and serves as an inspiration for all. #USWNTParade 
We’ll hold polluters accountable for the damage they've caused—particularly in low-income communities and communities of color.   
VP Biden: “The President and I are determined to replace the word ‘outsourcing’ for our children’s generation with the word ‘insourcing.’”
I’m proud to stand with @SEIU and workers across the country today in the #FightFor15. We must restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone’s treated with respect. That starts with raising the minimum wage to $15, strengthening our unions, and creating safe work environments. 
I’m about to take the stage at #LJ19 to discuss my bold vision for our nation and how we’ll beat Donald Trump. Tune in now: 
No worker’s life is worth getting a cheaper hamburger. Period. 
This election is about so much more than policies. The soul of America is on the ballot.   @KamalaHarris and I will work every day to bind up our wounds and bring this country back together. 
.@SenGillibrand ran a strong, courageous campaign. From championing gender equality to fighting dark money in politics—Senator Gillibrand is always willing to take on the tough fights we face. I know the senator will ensure these issues stay at the center of the national debate. 
When I called @KamalaHarris yesterday to ask her to be my running mate, I wanted to make sure Jill and Doug got to say hello.   You’re honorary Bidens now! 
Unlike President Trump, I’ll be a president for all Americans — not just the ones who vote for me. #BidenTownHall 
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we honor the memory of those we’ve lost—at least 22 trans and gender non-conforming people killed this year—and recommit to ridding this hate-filled violence from our society. Everyone deserves to live open and proud and free without fear.
Campbell is an incredible young man, and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey.  To anyone working to overcome a stutter, my message is clear: never give up and never let it define you. #ISAD 
Hope you had a great first day of school, @DrBiden! Your students are incredibly lucky to have you as their professor. I can’t wait to hear how the day went. 
We need a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces of Donald Trump's broken foreign policy and repair the damage he has caused around the world. 
In March alone, this campaign raised $46.7 million, with 70% from online donations. This virus has changed our campaign. But it hasn't changed the unwavering support we've gotten from all of you. Together, we're going to defeat Trump. Help keep us going: 
Last night reinforced why I got into this race: We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it’s a battle we must win.
We need to show the power of our grassroots movement. If you’re in the Detroit area, come together with #TeamJoe in your community outside of the second debate on July 30 and 31. RSVP at 
Donald Trump’s climate denial may not have directly caused the record fires we’re seeing on the West Coast. But if he gets four more years in the White House, they’ll only become more common, devastating, and deadly. 
I believe there's no greater economic engine in the world than the hard work and ingenuity of the American people — and I witnessed it firsthand last week in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.  Together, we're going to make sure the future is made here in America. 
Friends don't let friends go uninsured. If you still need health insurance for 2019, tomorrow, December 15th, is the last day to get it through  This is about your health and peace of mind for you and your loved ones — there's nothing more important. 
.@DrBiden and I send our prayers to the police officers injured today in Philadelphia, and to their families who wake up every day knowing that their loved ones are walking into harm's way when they put on the badge. We're grateful for the selfless work they do to keep us safe. 
I believe health care is a right for all.  Donald Trump believes it's a privilege for the few.  It's that simple, folks.
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security — and to who we are as a country — is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore it. 
We started @ItsOnUs with the goal of ending the epidemic of sexual violence on our college campuses. I’m proud of the progress we’ve made, but we have further to go. As we celebrate #5YearsOfItsOnUs, we must recommit to rooting out the toxic culture once and for all. 
The coronavirus will not discriminate based on national origin, race, gender, or zip code. It will touch people in positions of power and the most vulnerable in our society.  We need to take action to combat it.   
A photo that makes us smile: Dr. Jill Biden welcomes a young visitor to the Naval Observatory. 
Let's get to work, @KamalaHarris. 
Fact check: Rommey's debate performance was "mostly fictional." 
America has always thought BIG. It’s stamped into our DNA.
Go backstage with VP Biden, President Obama, and the First Lady at #DNC2012: 
My team and I are going to pick one lucky person to come out and join me for dinner (and ice cream) on the campaign trail! Time is running out to enter the contest — chip in today for your chance to win:  
No matter where you start in life, there should be no limit to what you can achieve. We’ve got to rebuild the middle class and this time, make sure everyone comes along.
I join Israelis in honoring Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin z"l, 25 years after his assassination. He led a life of service to his country and its security — and bravely gave his life pursuing peace. I was honored to call him a friend.
Thank you to everyone in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois who supported our campaign. From day one, our goal has been to unify our party and our nation — and tonight, we are one step closer to achieving that goal. Let’s do this, together. 
.@BarackObama: "I believe in fighting for the middle class, because if they're prospering all of us will prosper." 
I’ve got some exciting news: I am now on Snapchat! Subscribe to get a behind-the-scenes look at tonight’s #DemDebate and what’s happening on the campaign trail:  
Jill, Kamala, Doug, and our families all extend our warmest wishes to all who observe Yom Kippur. May you have an easy and meaningful fast. And may you be sealed in the Book of Life. 
Cornell is right — everything is at stake this November. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and unite this country. Because if we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we can't accomplish. 
Sunday night in a backyard. Monday morning at a store. We must do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic because we cannot go on like this any longer.  Our hearts go out to those affected by these senseless tragedies. 
Election Day is here! Find out where you’ll be voting tomorrow:  
I am alarmed by the surge in reported COVID-19 infections, hospitalizations, and fatalities. This crisis demands a robust and immediate federal response which has been woefully lacking.
Let’s get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost 30x more than Joe Biden’s health care plan—and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on the middle class. #DemDebate 
I am deeply disturbed by the news coming out of my law school alma mater, Syracuse University. We are truly in a battle for the soul of this nation, and it requires all of us to stand up together as a country against racism and bigotry. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
There’s not a single thing the American people can’t do if we do it together.
Hey @Phillies, here’s to hoping we both win big this fall. Stay safe. #OpeningDay 
At the core of our campaign is the idea that we always do better when we act as one America. If we choose unity over division there’s nothing we can’t do. Tune in tomorrow at 1 PM ET to join us as we kick off our campaign in Philadelphia:  
It’s time we restore the great American middle class that built this country. That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land, ensuring health care is a right not a privilege, and creating a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth. 
Yesterday, a 17-month-old was shot on our streets.    It’s past time we take on the @NRA, pass gun safety reform, and end this epidemic once and for all. We simply cannot go on like this. 
Nuestro presidente debería ser capaz de cumplir con una prueba simple: entender que los puertorriqueños son ciudadanos americanos y que tienen derecho a, y merecen, el mismo apoyo del gobierno de los Estados Unidos que todos los demás ciudadanos. 
Serving as @BarackObama's Vice President was a privilege and an honor. We share the belief that America is a place where ordinary people do extraordinary things and anything is possible. 
Donald Trump not only suggested we sell or trade Puerto Rico — but he also left our fellow Americans without the resources they desperately needed after Hurricane Maria. It's unacceptable.  As president, I'll support the island's full recovery and invest in its people and future.
.@DrBiden and I are keeping those affected by this hate-filled attack in our hearts. We cannot be silent in the face of anti-Semitism. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry and to give hate no safe harbor. 
Donald Trump needs to step up and do everything he can to give our front line workers the protective equipment they need. 
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: “To them, it doesn’t matter much where American companies put their money or where they create jobs.”
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. It’s time we take on the @NRA and ban assault weapons for good.
I paid my taxes.  These folks paid their taxes.  So why didn’t President Trump pay his? 
On Romney-Ryan: “They talk about extending the Bush tax cuts for the very wealthy—$500 billion of the tax cuts will go to 120,000 families.”
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
The urgency of this election couldn’t be greater — and the stakes couldn’t be higher.   Don’t wait: go to  and vote early today.
RT @VP: PHOTO: VP Biden tours the archives of @LafCol – where his great-grandfather and great uncles enrolled. 
I’m glad to hear Matt is doing well — stories like his remind us of the need to protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act. We can’t afford to start over.  Read our plan here:  
“He’s not ready for prime time in terms of national security.”—Former Sec. of State Madeleine Albright on Mitt Romney: 
Donald Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately. This is no time to put pettiness and ideology above helping those who are in the greatest need.  Lives are at stake. 
Folks, thanks to you we raised $1.2M from nearly 30,000 donors yesterday. And I was even happier to hear that 1/3rd of those donors were new. I can't begin to tell you what your support means. South Carolina is just a few days away, let's keep it going:  
Over 1 million cases of COVID-19. Almost 70,000 dead. What is upsetting President Trump? Tough questions from the press.  Cry me a river, Mr. President. 
It’s going to take all hands on deck to reach our end of month goal — I’d really appreciate your help. Chip in what you can:  
When I decided to run, I had three objectives:  1. Restore the soul of this country. 2. Rebuild the middle class. 3. Reunite the country.  It's the only way we can move forward. 
For months, President Trump has failed to provide desperately needed fiscal relief to our state and local governments — and we’re seeing the consequences every day.  Our students and educators deserve better.  As president, I’ll make sure they always have the resources they need. 
Dusting off the Twitter handle for a big midterm election year. Let's get to it, folks! –Joe
To Bernie’s supporters: I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of what it is we have to get done in this country.   I hope you will join us. You are more than welcome on this campaign. You’re needed. 
Donald Trump is holding a rally in Michigan today—while also refusing to fully fund their National Guard.  These are frontline workers against COVID-19, responsible for testing and distributing food and medical supplies.  Michiganders need a pandemic response—not a pep rally. 
I don’t care whether you’re an undocumented immigrant, an asylum seeker, or born in the US. Forcing people to choose between being reunited with their kids and risking arrest sets a new standard for cruelty.   This idea is Stephen Miller’s. The responsibility is Trump's. 
We need real policing reform — and we need it now. 
State legislators like Sara Cambensy in Michigan and Danica Roem, Jennifer Carroll Foy, David Reid, John Bell, and Elizabeth Guzman in Virginia. People who stood up for working people of every stripe.
This violence is not normal. How many more families will have to lose a loved one before we fix our broken gun laws? We must take action, starting with real reform.  Our thoughts are with everyone in Gilroy this evening. Enough is enough. 
Just like Donald Trump couldn’t wish COVID-19 away in March, and just like he couldn’t tweet it away in April — he can’t ignore it away in June. 
You can't make this up: Yesterday, the White House science office put out a statement listing "ending the COVID-19 pandemic" as the top accomplishment of President Trump's first term.  
Donald Trump talks tough on trade but has nothing to show for it—other than pain for America's families. Mike Pence has been his complicit sidekick, propping up Trump’s reckless trade wars and slighting hard-working Americans across the country. 
“Because he had learned about bullies first hand, he developed a deep sense of compassion and empathy for their targets, along with a lifelong commitment to stopping them.”  My sister Valerie is my best friend. Read her full post here: 
Arizona — in-person early voting starts today. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot.
"It's the Attorney General of the United States — not the president's private attorney." #DemDebate 
Jill and I are devastated to hear about today’s shooting at the Chabad Poway synagogue. No one should have to worship in fear.  As a country, we must speak out against bigotry and gun violence. We’re in the battle for the soul of this nation—and it’s on all of us to act.
When President Trump talks about America leading the world, this is what he means. 
“There's nothing bold about cutting Medicaid, Medicare, education, and research and development.”—VP on the Romney-Ryan economic plan
Like many families, we have had to find new ways to stay connected while we're physically apart. We've been video chatting with our grandchildren a lot and decided to record one to share with you all. Take a look: 
Donald Trump is determined to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we’ve made. We can’t let him get away with it. We have to protect and build on the law to ensure every American has access to the health care they deserve. 
President Trump is bringing his secret one page agreement with Mexico to Iowa. The Iowans being crushed by his tariffs would like to see it.
Every person is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. But far too often LGBTQ youth in this country are not, even in their own homes. This is unacceptable. I’m proud to work with @cyndilauper on #TrueColorsDay and everyday to put it to an end. 
Gen. Colin Powell has endorsed @BarackObama—here’s why: 
VP Biden on Romney’s plan: “The average senior would have to pay $460 more in taxes for their Social Security.” 
President Trump has turned his back on those he promised to help. He thinks he’s being tough with his trade war, but he’s really being reckless. And American workers are paying the price.   I will ensure our policies put American workers first. 
Science tells us that how we act, or fail to act, in the next 12 years will determine the very livability of our planet. As president, I will use every authority available to me to drive progress.  I will accept no half-measures. 
We are months into this crisis. There is simply no excuse for President Trump's failure to implement a national testing strategy.
President Trump continues to:  🔴 Deny the science in front of his own eyes 🔴 Attack the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration 🔴 Spew lies like “windmills cause cancer”  Defeating him is essential to making any progress on climate change. #ClimateTownHall
Thank you for following along this afternoon! Follow @TeamJoe to keep up with everything happening on the campaign. #TeamJoe
Thank you to the #AmericanPromiseTour moderators and thousands of readers who attended events or picked up a copy of #PromiseMeDad. Honored to be able to share the story of my son Beau, and what a remarkable man he was.  
A favorite Joe photo from November: pizza party. 
On behalf of Jill, myself, and all of the Bidens, our hearts go out to the community in Christchurch suffering from today’s senseless violence. Friday prayers for those who were gathered at their mosques has seen families torn apart by hate.
“We've cut taxes, over the initial resistance of our Republican friends, for middle-class people by $3,600.”—VP Biden
Cancer patients own their data, not hospitals. #CountMeIn empowers patients to contribute their data for research. To find cures.  We are changing the culture of cancer research — sharing data, breaking down silos, and forming new collaborations.  We can do this. 
To every military family in our country: thank you, thank you, thank you. 
From 18 tax cuts to more access to loans, find out how President Obama is giving small businesses a leg up: 
As the Senate nears a vote on the #BuffettRule, tweet your senators and ask them to support it: 
Appalled by the senseless loss of life in Las Vegas. Jill and I hold all those affected and grieving in our hearts.
This is the most important election of our lifetimes. Don't wait to make your voice heard.  Vote early today: 
"This is no time to add any additional burden for middle class people.”—VP Biden on #My2K at a VA diner last week: 
Fired up, ready for Joe in Chesterfield, VA: 
Promise? 
It was peach pie and motorcycle talk for the VP at Cruisers Diner in Seaman, Ohio yesterday: 
What an honor to be joined by @Alyssa_Milano on tonight’s #ItsOnUs student organizing call. Alyssa, your courage reignited a movement, and your continued advocacy inspires me every day. Thank you.
I’m proud to stand in solidarity with @CWAUnion workers who walked off the job last night. @ATT must respect workers' rights, negotiate in good faith, and work to secure a fair contract.
Israel has a right to defend itself against terrorist threats. It is intolerable that Israeli civilians live their lives under the constant fear of rocket attacks. That's why our administration was such a strong supporter of Israel's life-saving Iron Dome. 
From climate change to racial justice — there is so much on the line in this election. So my team put together a generator to help you show your friends and family what you’re voting for. Head to  to try it out.
Bristol Bay is no place for a mine — our administration decided that in 2014. We're only discussing it today because Donald Trump's EPA reversed course hours after a closed-door meeting with the mining company's CEO. 
Every American deserves access to affordable, quality health care, and Obamacare’s open enrollment is happening now. If you are uninsured, want to change your plan, or know someone who needs health care, visit  to #GetCovered. 
Senator Kaine is an incredible public servant. Virginians are lucky to have him representing them in the Senate — and I'm honored to have his endorsement. 
Together, we can take this country back. That's why I'm heading to Hartford on Friday in support of @NedLamont and @JahanaHayesCT. Don't miss this:   
We've got to do better for our educators and our students. In a Biden Administration, we will:  ✅ Give our educators the pay and dignity they deserve ✅ Provide universal Pre-K for all ✅ Double the number of mental health professionals in schools  
Obamacare fue un gran avance: proporcionó protecciones a más de 100 millones de estadounidenses con afecciones preexistentes. No podemos parar allí. Como presidente protegeré y expandiré Obamacare para garantizar que todos tengamos acceso a atención médica asequible y de calidad.
Let us vow to make this, at last, an era of action to reverse systemic racism with long overdue and concrete changes.  This morning I'm speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on where we are and where we need to go. Tune in: 
Joe photo of the day: A new friend in Reno, NV. 
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning. Now, we’re taking this campaign to Nevada and South Carolina, and we have to give it all we’ve got. Chip in to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: 
An administration that gives trillions in tax cuts to giant corporations and the super-wealthy but cuts food assistance for the most vulnerable in our society is morally bankrupt.
Folks, it's the final night of the #DemConvention and @TeamJoe is hosting an after party that you won't want to miss.  Sign up to join us: 
Tune in as I deliver remarks on how President Trump failed to protect the American people, save our economy, and control the virus: 
It’s clear that Donald Trump has abused the power of the presidency. Full stop.  He is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
Two elections. Zero criminal convictions. 
Let me be clear: the fight to end Donald Trump's presidency is just beginning. 
Small businesses like Rafael's are the backbone of communities all across this nation. We have to do so much more to help them through this crisis. 
Our planet is at a critical moment — and if we re-elect Donald Trump, it may never recover.  On day one, I’ll take action to reverse the damage done by this administration and put America on track to lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. 
Jill and I would like to extend our greetings to those celebrating the Hmong New Year. Wishing you joyous, colorful celebrations throughout the country filled with music, quality time with family, and all blessings for new beginnings — Nyob Zoo Xyoo Tshiab!
Fired up and ready to go for the #NoMalarkey barnstorm! 
My plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs — without raising taxes on the middle class.  Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same. Read my full plan: 
Joe photo of the day: Colorado for Obama-Biden. 
Our top priority should be investing in our workers by 1. ensuring they have the skills &amp; opportunities to get a good job, 2. making work pay, and 3. cutting the costs of raising a family.   Read my thoughts on how we can all help our workers succeed: 
This election is about the soul of our nation—and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has no regard for our Constitution and violates everything we stand for. It’s not hyperbole to say that this is about saving America.   We have to decide who we are and who we want to be.
I’ll be a president for all Americans. Not just the ones who vote for me.
Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.  Chip in if you’re ready to leave him in the dust:  
RT @TheDemocrats: Great news! The President just announced —&gt; 
We won't rest until everyone's vote is counted. Tune in as my campaign manager @jomalleydillon and campaign adviser Bob Bauer give an update on where the race stands. 
I’m not surprised President Trump asked foreign governments for help to beat me and that his special interest friends are spending millions to attack me.  But we can't let the lies, smears, and distortions distract us from what's at stake in this election. 
The fight against cancer is personal for me — like it is for so many people. And it's a fight we must win. With the incredible breakthroughs we've made in recent years — and with so many just over the horizon — I'm confident that we will end cancer as we know it. #WorldCancerDay
Denali's death marks the 3rd murder of a trans woman in South Carolina this year.  Violence against the transgender community is an epidemic—crimes are occurring far too often. It's our moral obligation to put an end to violence in our communities.   
Thirty years ago today, the people of Berlin tore down a wall and vanquished a dictatorship. We must not forget the lessons of 1989. The United States must reclaim its mantle as the champion of democracy. The stakes are simply too high. 
The evidence is clear: we can’t wait to take action on climate change. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. The survival of our planet depends on it. 
President Trump can claim he wants to protect people with pre-existing conditions all he wants — but the fact is he’s fighting tooth and nail to take their protections away.
As #ImmigrantHeritageMonth comes to a close, I want to make one thing clear: Immigrants have always made our nation stronger — our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength.  Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does.
This year, we mark the anniversary of 9/11 in the midst of another crisis that compels us to summon the best of the American people in the face of unconscionable, inconceivable loss — a crisis that has already taken nearly 200,000 Americans.
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes — and we’re all paying the price. We must get him out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is. 
A favorite photo: Joe gets barbecue with his son Beau during the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver. 
Throughout my career, I've been committed to the fight against climate change. And on day one as president, I'll get to work taking the drastic action we need to address this crisis. #EarthDay 
VP Biden: “The President and I have a fundamentally different vision for this country and a fundamentally different value set.”
It’s simple: President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. And it’s wrong. Hardworking, struggling Americans should come first — not the big corporations looking for a blank check. 
I know this country. I know our people. And I know we can unite and heal this nation.
Wisconsin — you have until 5 PM CT tonight to request your mail-in absentee ballot ahead of next week’s primary. Head to  to request yours today. 
It’s hard to believe it’s been a year since we lost my friend Senator Kay Hagan. Kay was a relentless champion for North Carolina and a fierce defender of its citizens. May her legacy continue to inspire a new generation of leaders to follow in her steps. 
It’s debate night, so I’ve got my earpiece and performance enhancers ready. 
We are in a climate emergency and we must take drastic action now to address it. So today, I’m announcing my plan for a Clean Energy Revolution and Environmental Justice.   
America's farmers are being undermined by Trump's broken promises. No one knows that better than Iowa. We need a president who will keep his word. 
Jill and I are excited and ready to take the next step toward ending cancer. Are you with us? 
While Romney’s policies are the same ones that led us into the 2008 economic crisis, the President is fighting to get folks back on the job.
We deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding. 
America has stood as a beacon of hope for generations. Now, President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of those fleeing persecution. It's cruel and damages our global standing.  I'll ensure we meet our responsibility as a nation to the world's most vulnerable people. 
The climate emergency isn't just a threat to our environment, it's a threat to our health, economy, and so much more. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action to combat it before it's too late. 
We are at our best when we open our hearts, not when we clench our fists.
After tonight, the choice in this election has never been clearer — and with 35 days to go, the stakes have never been higher. Tomorrow marks our final end-of-quarter deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal.  Chip in to help beat Donald Trump: 
In March, the VP traveled to Mexico and Honduras to talk economic and security issues: 
If you want a Democratic nominee who will:  - Build on Obamacare — not scrap it - Take on the @NRA and gun manufacturers — not protect them - Stand up for the middle class — not raise their taxes and make promises that can’t be kept  Then this is your campaign.
We have to remember the purpose of our politics isn’t totally unrelenting warfare.
.@SethMoulton brought a vital voice to this primary, advocating for the urgent need to undo President Trump’s damage abroad and restore American leadership on the world stage. His passion for and knowledge of American foreign policy are impressive and needed in Congress.
The United States has a vital national interest in Syria to ensure the lasting defeat of ISIS. We know that this terrorist group plotted to attack our homeland in the past, and we cannot let that threat re-emerge. #DemDebate
There are just two days until the first-in-the-nation primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few minutes, head to  to talk with New Hampshire voters about what's at stake in this election. I’d greatly appreciate it. 
In the midst of a pandemic, the Trump Administration chose to expend effort to attempt to disestablish the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe’s reservation. #IStandwithMashpee and with all of Indian Country. 
Hope to see you at a stop this fall on my #AmericanPromiseTour – tickets are available now:  
VP Biden on @BarackObama: “You got to see what I see every day: a President who clearly understands America’s interest around the world.”
If anyone has reason to be angry with the Republicans and not want to cooperate it's me, the way they've attacked me, my son, my family. I have no love. But the fact is we have to be able to get things done and when we can't convince them, we go out and beat them. #DemDebate
Dr. Jill Biden: “As a teacher, I want to make sure that we continue to invest in quality education.”
Too often, Black and Brown voters’ loyalty, support, and commitment to the Democratic Party are taken for granted. I’ve never taken it for granted — and I never will.  The strength of our party is its diversity. We need to be sure every voice is heard. 
I’m incredibly proud of Brayden for sharing his story on national TV. He is truly a remarkable young man — and I can’t wait to see what his future holds. 
Today, in lifting our ambitions and our imaginations to the heavens, the United States has once more reshaped the future of space travel. 
El Departamento de Comercio anunció que el formulario Censo 2020 no tendrá la pregunta de ciudadanía de Trump. Esto no es solo una victoria para los inmigrantes y latinos, sino para todos los estadounidenses. Todos merecemos ser contados sin temor!
In this moment, the very soul of America is at stake.   We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our being.   We have to finally make real the American promise: That all men and women are not only equal at creation, but throughout their lives.
Thank you, Oklahoma! 
Millions of folks are relying on the workers at the front lines of this crisis. I’ll be talking to a few of them for our virtual town hall. Tune in: 
We need a Supply Commander to step up and take charge and get the doctors, nurses, health care workers, first responders, firefighters, and cops the equipment they need to protect themselves and save lives. 
I believe that every American deserves a fair shot to get ahead and a government that treats them equally. But that hasn't been the case for the people of Puerto Rico. Today, I'm releasing my new plan to change that: 
Let's be clear: white supremacy, racism, and violence have no place in America. We have to root out these evils and give hate no safe harbor. If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. 
It’s time we bring integrity back to the White House. 
If you re-elect Donald Trump, he's going to cut Medicare and Social Security. I'm going to protect and expand these benefits. 
On #SOULSaturday, folks will be doing everything from sewing masks and hosting food drives to writing letters to first responders and making calls to check in on neighbors. We are all in this together–and I hope you'll join us by signing up to take action: 
10 days.
President Trump knew how deadly COVID-19 was and did nothing. It’s close to criminal. #BidenTownHall 
The leaders who ran in the 2020 primary with me represent the best of America. They made me a better candidate, and they make us a better nation.   I am proud to have their support. Together, we will defeat Donald Trump. #DemConvention 
President Trump didn't take the necessary precautions to protect himself and others.  How can we trust him to protect the country?
To the extraordinary mothers everywhere, like Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden, my wishes for a safe and happy Mother’s Day. 
As our Muslim friends and neighbors mark the start of the Islamic New Year and honor the sacrifice made during the holy month of #Muharram, let us all recommit to standing together in the struggle for compassion, equality, and justice.
We need judges who will respect Roe v. Wade as the law, and we need a Congress that will protect reproductive rights. If I'm president, that leadership will start at the top.
A favorite Joe photo: 
Behind every COVID-19 death is a family and a community that will never be the same.  Behind every unemployment claim is a life thrown into uncertainty — a person wondering how they’ll make ends meet.  There is a real human toll to this crisis. We cannot forget that.
Cory, you campaigned with joy and heart, and instead of just talking about bringing people together, you did it every day. You made our politics better just by running. Grateful to you and looking forward to your continued leadership.
Gun violence tragedies are not inevitable. Together, we can end this epidemic.
One year ago, we launched this campaign. Whether you were on #TeamJoe from day one or have joined in recent weeks — I’m incredibly grateful for your support and hope I make you proud. Together, we’re going to beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and transform our nation.
Let's get something straight — unions built the middle class. 
Last year, Floridians voted to restore voting rights to those who served their time for felonies. But today, Florida's Senate votes on a bill that would instead create a modern-day poll tax, suppressing the vote of tens of thousands of Americans. This is unacceptable.
Small businesses are the backbone of this country. We have to do so much more to support them through this crisis. Here's what I would do if I were president: 
That’s all we have for tonight, folks! Thanks for following along. Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on what’s happening on the campaign. #DemDebate
The VP fired up #Obama2012 supporters in New Hampshire this week: 
Donald Trump continues to embrace corruption at home and abroad. Rather than addressing the root causes pushing people to flee Central America, he has undermined anti-corruption bodies—first in Guatemala and now in Honduras. 
Donald Trump still doesn’t have a plan to get this virus under control. His failure to lead is costing American lives.   Here’s what I’ll do as president:  
The Paycheck Protection Program was intended to send help to the small businesses that needed it most, but President Trump adopted an approach to help his high-priced friends. We've got to do better.  Here's what I would do if I were president: 
"Thanks to a man of great position and character taking an interest in him, he knows that his stutter does not define him, nor his plans for a bright future."  You raised an incredible young man, Elisa. I'm honored to have been a part of his journey. 
To everyone struggling right now, I want you to know that you are not alone. You’re seen, you’re heard, and you’re loved.   If you need help, please don’t hesitate to visit    Better days lie ahead, I promise. #WorldSuicidePreventionDay
Folks, we just launched a special #EarthDay episode of Here's the Deal! Governor @JayInslee joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, climate change, and why he's supporting our campaign.  Listen to the full episode now:  
Under my plan, everyone will have the option to buy into a public health plan like Medicare. And we’ll guarantee that the poor – who otherwise would be covered by the Medicaid expansion – are automatically covered, free of charge.
I've been on the road talking about #PromiseMeDad, the book I wrote about my son Beau, but I've been most amazed listening to your stories. Incredible people overcoming loss, finding hope and purpose in their lives. Thank you for sharing. You inspire me.  
We can’t beat Donald Trump with double talk on health care.  Joe Biden doesn’t just know what his health care plan is—he knows how much it would cost, and how he would pay for it. #DemDebate 
In the wake of tragedy in his hometown, @BetoORourke responded with compassion and leadership, looking into the eyes of people who just lost loved ones and pledging his total resolve. His passion for solving our gun crisis has been inspiring to anyone who has seen him.
He unilaterally withdrew from the hard-won nuclear agreement that the Obama-Biden Administration negotiated to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Trump promised that abandoning the deal and imposing sanctions would stop Iran’s aggression in the region.
Whether it's taking on the big banks or pushing for marriage equality—Kamala never shies away from fighting tooth and nail for what's right. It's why I chose her to be my running mate.  She'll wake up every day thinking about how to make life better for the people of our country.
If we are complacent, if we are silent, we are complicit in perpetuating these cycles of violence.  None of us can turn away. We all have an obligation to speak out.
I’ve done this work before. It’s hard, painstaking work.   I was in charge of administering the $800 billion Recovery Act — so I understand that the devil is in the details. It’s about follow-through.
No bill should pass without immediate, generous relief for workers who are losing jobs and hours, small businesses losing revenue, and communities facing emergency needs.
The Trump Administration could have helped prevent this. But once again, they failed to take action — and now the American people are paying the price. 
For far too long, discriminatory policies like redlining have kept Black Americans from having the same opportunities as white Americans.  That’s got to change:  
Photo gallery: The Vice President explores Turkey during a December 2011 trip. 
President Trump continues to chip away at the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration. This time, he’s going after the rules we put in place to decrease vehicle emissions. It's backwards.   We need a president who believes in climate change. 
We are building the coalition that will defeat Donald Trump.
From the bottom of my heart: thank you. 
Former Mayor Pete doesn’t think very highly of the Obama-Biden record. Let’s compare. 
We’ve got to invest in every child — regardless of zip code or race or parents' income. In a Biden Administration, we’ll provide high-quality, universal pre-K for all three- and four-year-olds to ensure every kid gets a fair shot.  Read the full plan:  
Working families need someone on their side...because they certainly don’t have anyone on their side with this president.   That’s going to change in the Biden-Harris administration.
VP Biden visited Costco yesterday to do some holiday shopping—and urged Congress to extend middle class tax cuts: 
To celebrate #NationalVoterRegistrationDay, we're hosting a virtual rally with @cristela9, @theebillyporter, @chloexhalle, and more! Tune in now — and make sure to register to vote at  
Elena @De11eDonne is the pride of Delaware. Wishing her well as she recovers — we need more professional athletes like her sharing their support for inclusive sports. I'm looking forward to seeing her back on the court soon.
Dr. Jill Biden to the American Federation of Teachers in Detroit yesterday: “Being a teacher is not what I do, it’s who I am.”
From my childhood in Scranton, Pennsylvania, to the halls of the White House — the middle-class values of hard work, respect, and decency have guided my entire life. It's time we brought those values back to the Oval Office. 
The next president will face the enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America's broken foreign policy under President Trump.   There’s no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day one. 
If you're a member of the #KHive, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I would be honored to have your support. 
From career counseling to tax credits, find out what President Obama is doing to help military families: 
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country. Your faith in our campaign — especially when the pundits and the media counted us out — means the world to me. Let’s go win this, together. 
The correct word for sex without consent is rape. Period. #ItsOnUs to know the signs and to stop it. 
There is no denying the devastating effects climate change has on our planet — we need to take action.   As president, I’ll lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at  
More than 60 million Americans have already voted. They deserve to have their voices heard on who replaces Justice Ginsburg.
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is trying to prevent people from getting health care. 
Trump’s trade wars are squeezing American farmers. In states like South Dakota—where agriculture is a top industry—effects go well beyond farms. As president, I'd join together with our allies &amp; stand up to China to ensure our policies work for our farmers.
The VP is speaking at @genprogress' #MakeProgress Summit. Watch live: 
Rep. @ChrisVanHollen previews VP Biden's debate against "a ticket that is willing to say anything to get elected." 
25 years ago this week, Senator Feinstein and I led the charge to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We beat the @NRA and got it done.  As president, I’ll do it once again. We will get these military-style weapons off our streets. 
We can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
Times of crisis often bring out our best as Americans — and we're seeing that right now in the aftermath of Hurricane Laura. Thank you to all of our emergency responders who are working around the clock to help people get back on their feet. 
At a time when labor is under attack and Trump's reckless trade wars threaten millions more farms and families around the country, @TimRyan has been a clear voice for those at risk of being left behind. He'll continue to be a fierce force for them in Congress.
I love you too, California! 
VP Biden: “To me, being middle class is not a number; it's a way of life, it's a value set. It's about a minimum standard of living.”
#TeamJoe has been hard at work making phone calls, knocking doors, and talking with as many folks as possible over the last nine months—but it all comes down to these last few days. We need all hands on deck for this final push. Sign up to volunteer today:  
Sherian, a small business owner from South Carolina, recently asked how I would help businesses like hers recover from this crisis and how we can tackle health care disparities among communities of color. They're important questions. Here's what I said: 
Vice President Biden: “Gov. Romney’s foreign and security policy would return us to the past we have worked so hard to move beyond.”
The VP has been fighting to end violence against women for a long time. Here's the next step:  #1is2Many #NotAlone
In order to combat COVID-19, we need both a decisive public health response and a decisive economic response. I’ve laid out exactly what I would do if I were president during this crisis, take a look: 
The United States just passed 5 million reported infections of COVID-19. It’s a number that boggles the mind and breaks the heart. Each time the number goes up, it represents a life altered, a family stricken with anxiety, a community on edge. It shouldn’t have gotten this bad.
Christen — tell your grandmother I’m incredibly grateful to have her support, and thank you for helping her cast her ballot. 
It didn't have to be this bad. But month after month, as other leaders in other countries took the necessary steps to get the virus under control, Donald Trump failed us.  Here's what I'll do as president: 
President Trump has relentlessly fought to sabotage and repeal Obamacare — I will not stand for it.   I will protect and build on Obamacare as president, ensuring every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care. 
VIDEO: President Obama’s plan for creating jobs and strengthening the middle class. 
We can't host any in-person events due to COVID-19, but that won't stop me from hitting the campaign trail—virtually, of course. Tomorrow, I'll be making stops around Florida and wrapping up the day with a virtual rally in Tampa.  Tune in at 5:15 PM ET:  
We will not be defeated. 
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a global pandemic.
The issues we’re facing are far bigger than any political party.  It’s why I’ll be a president for all Americans — Democrats, Republicans, and Independents alike — because I believe we must work together if we’re going to get anything done.
Forward, Ohio! VP Biden and President Clinton rally together in Youngstown, OH. 
No one should pay a dollar out of pocket for coronavirus testing or treatment. Period. 
Today is #NationalGunViolenceAwarenessDay. Our team, and people across the country, are wearing orange in remembrance of the countless lives that have been cut short by senseless acts of gun violence in America.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg stood for all of us. She was an American hero, a giant of legal doctrine, and a relentless voice in the pursuit of that highest American ideal: Equal Justice Under Law. May her memory be a blessing to all people who cherish our Constitution and its promise.
I’m relying on your support to power my campaign. Together, I know we can defeat Donald Trump and protect our democracy. Just $5 can make a difference. Chip in today:  
I have a better idea: give people coronavirus economic relief and don't hold their hard-earned benefits hostage. 
Eleven years ago, I received a phone call from President Obama asking me to be his vice president. The decision to join him and serve this country was the greatest honor of my life. 
We're in the midst of the worst economic crisis in our lifetime, and Senate Republicans continue to delay relief for the American people saying, "I don’t see the need right now." Unbelievable.  We've got to take back the Senate this November. 
Those who have worked the closest with Donald Trump know how unfit he is to serve as President. 
Here's my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected president, I will take care of your family like I would my own. 
President Trump has failed on his promises for American workers time and time again. We need to rebuild the middle class, and this time make sure everybody comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability. 
President Trump is once again welcoming foreign interference in our elections. This isn’t about politics. It is a threat to our national security. An American President should not seek their aid and abet those who seek to undermine democracy.
Get a head start on Election Day: Make a plan to vote. 
As President, Joe Biden will export our clean-energy technology across the globe and create high-quality, middle-class jobs here at home. #DemDebate 
A year ago, we lost a true patriot, a hero, and to me—a friend. John McCain's character, courage, and honor made him a giant among all of us. His deep, unshakeable belief in the soul of America and our values inspired us all and provided hope to the world. I miss him every day.
And even as Trump has rushed to legitimize a dictator in North Korea with dozens of nuclear weapons, he trashed the Iran nuclear deal — a deal that was working to keep Iran far away from a single nuclear bomb.
I want to help restore hope in this country — and I have a bold vision for how, together, we can do that. 
More than 200,000 Americans have died. 50,000 Americans are getting the virus every day. 1,000 a day are dying. This is a national emergency.  The President should take responsibility. 
The Vice President’s commitment to first responders: 
To lead America, you have to understand America.  I know how hard it is for folks who are sick, struggling, and wondering how they'll get through the day.  You deserve a president who will fight for you and lead our nation out of these crises. I'll get started on day one. 
We need a president who will always choose compassion over cruelty.
Today, Justice Ginsburg made history one last time — and I was grateful to be there to pay my respects. May her memory be a blessing — and may we continue to be voices for justice in her name. 
There used to be a basic bargain in this country that when you worked hard, you were able to share in the prosperity you helped create.  That bargain is broken for American workers, and it's time we restore it. 
Today we are hosting the #BidenCancerSummit in Washington DC and in over 450 communities around the world to bring together patients and providers to commit to making real, practical changes in the lives of cancer patients and their families.   Join us:  
I'm about to address the nation on how we should confront the corona virus pandemic. Tune in to watch live: 
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability. 
I am confident we will emerge victorious, but this will not be my victory or our victory alone. It will be a victory for the American people, for our democracy, for America.
Let’s go vote, America.   
This is the moment where we need to steel our spines, redouble our efforts, and recommit ourselves to the fight against COVID-19.  Let’s remember: We are all in this together. 
Hello, Clinton College! 
Folks, it's go-time. This is the most important election of our lifetimes — and you can make all the difference.  Vote. 
Millions of front line workers — like the firefighters and nurses I called today — worked away from their families on Thanksgiving. Our nation is grateful to all of you. 
I'll tell you what takes away your freedom: not being able to see your kid, go to the football game, or see your mom or dad in the hospital. That's what is costing us our freedom. #BidenTownHall 
“Rosie the Riveter" represents the American women who worked in factories during World War II.  Their resilience and hard work helped us win the war.    Agnes was one of them. I called her on her 100th birthday, and I could not be more proud to have her support. 
How far is it from the white supremacists and Neo-Nazis in Charlottesville – Trump’s “very fine people” – chanting “You will not replace us” to the shooter at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh saying Jews “were committing genocide to his people.”  Not far at all.
Last month we raised $364.5 million — 95% of the donations from grassroots supporters like you and the majority online.  Working people are powering our campaign — and I’m grateful.  We’ve got a long way to go to close the fundraising gap and win — but we can do it. Together.
I'm about to take the stage from Mississippi. Tune in to watch live: 
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president. 
"The point is real simple: The backbone of this country is a strong and thriving middle class." -VP in PA yesterday. 
Just stay focused, folks.  Let’s get to work. Join our campaign: 
Nobody told me the road would be easy, but together we can and will win. 
Diplomacy isn’t just a series of handshakes and photo ops. But Donald Trump doesn't understand that — and he never will. 
I just wrapped up tonight’s CNN town hall, where we discussed COVID-19 and how we move forward. I know times are tough, but the stakes in this election have never been higher. If you could chip in a few dollars I would really appreciate it. 
Our veterans and their families represent the absolute best that our country has to offer. I had the honor of spending Veterans Day in Iowa with a few of them. 
The White House is not a place for on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one.
It's been a great night — thank you for all of your support! We’re bringing this party together and it's going to take all of us to keep it going. Chip in now to take us across the finish line and defeat Donald Trump:  
We're going to beat Donald Trump. And when we do, we won't just rebuild this nation — we'll transform it.
VP Biden: “We believe the way to grow the economy—an economy that's built to last—is from the middle out, the old-fashioned way.”
It is close to criminal the way they’re dealing with Captain Crozier. He spoke up to protect his sailors — he should have a commendation, not be fired. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White House. 
Now it’s your turn to talk—call 312.985.6433 and leave a message to let Joe know how you thought he did in last night’s debate.
One of the reasons I chose @KamalaHarris is because we both believe you can define America in one simple word — possibilities.
When I talk about the soul of this nation—I’m talking about a country where no one has to worry about whether they can afford health care.  I fought like hell to get Obamacare passed and I’m the only one on tonight’s stage who has led a transformation of our health care system.
President Trump picked a fight with the wrong guy. 
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: “They are not for Medicare. They are for a plan called Vouchercare.”
Folks, it’s Census Day! The Census only takes a few minutes to complete but will help determine the future of your community for the next decade. Head to  to get counted today.
We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected. 
Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation. He should be impeached. 
Here's my promise to you: I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued our nation — not use them for political gain.  We shouldn’t accept anything less from an American president. 
Let’s be clear: Russia is engaging in interference in this election right now, as we speak. #DemDebate
President Obama on the values and faith that guide him—and our country—through difficult times: 
This administration is truly morally bankrupt. 
It is only with persistent effort, fortitude in our actions, and faith in ourselves and the future that change comes. It’s never easy. But I know there’s nothing we can’t accomplish if we stand together as Americans. 
Trump’s response to Charlottesville two years ago was abhorrent, but it’s not just that. It’s happening every day. Separating children from their parents at the border. Attacking women's rights. Rolling back LGBTQ protections.   We’re better than this.
44 + 46 7.23.20 
Today marks 25 years since the Senate passed a bill to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines—an effort I championed with Senator Feinstein   The ban became law and it worked. It saved lives. As president, I will ban them once again. 
Tonight, we’re hosting a #SOULSaturday rally to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign! Join us at 7 PM ET:  
.@DrBiden and I are keeping everyone in the path of storms Laura and Marco in our prayers. Please take steps to prepare, heed the warnings of local authorities, and stay safe. 
"Iran is more isolated today than when we took office." —VP Biden
Don’t let anyone tell you your voice won’t count — because it will.  Make sure your voice is heard. Go to  right now and make your plan to vote.
Tune in as my campaign provides a post-election legal briefing. 
It didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump failed to do his job — and we're all paying the price. 
The one truly sacred obligation our government has is to properly train and equip the men and women who defend our nation at war and to care for them and their families—while they’re deployed, and after they come home. We need a president who will honor that obligation. 
Together, we will win Iowa, win this nomination, and beat Donald Trump. #LJ19  Join us:  
President Trump’s failure to lead on the climate crisis is inexcusable — it endangers the future of our country and planet.  As president, I’ll rejoin the #ParisAgreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. 
To make sure every vote is counted, we’re setting up the largest election protection effort ever assembled. Because Donald Trump doesn’t get to decide the outcome of this election — the American people do.  Chip in to power the new Biden Fight Fund: 
"The neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. Where your values are set." -VP Biden 
Voting by mail is safe and secure. And don't take my word for it: Take it from the President, who just requested his mail-in ballot for the Florida primary on Tuesday.
Defeating Donald Trump is going to take everything we've got. His campaign has been preparing for the last four years and has millions in the bank. I know times are tough, but if you can, please pitch in today to help us catch up:  
VP: "(The President) is a guy who has done everything he said he would do."
Get to know the 5 key points of the Democratic Party platform in 1 RT-friendly graphic: 
Thank you to all the:  Firefighters Paramedics Police officers Doctors Nurses Medical support staff Grocery and retail workers Meatpackers Delivery drivers Transit workers And everyone else on the front lines of this fight.  You truly are the heart and soul of this country.
I had the opportunity to meet Cameron Boyce at this year’s Courage Awards and through his work with @ItsOnUs. He was filled with so much light and served as a tremendous role model for young people. He's gone far too soon. @DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his family. 
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan plan today: “They call it new and gutsy. But I say there’s nothing new about giving a millionaire a tax break.”
Child care is personal to me: I was a single parent as a young senator. I commuted home to Delaware every night to tuck my kids into bed. Child care should be affordable for every parent. #DemDebate
Honoring the memory of those we have lost, and reminding their families that they are never alone. 
Nearly 1 in 3 women worldwide are subjected to physical violence, rape or stalking by a partner at some point in their lives. As president, I’ll tackle this epidemic head-on, and work to end violence against women. #16Days 
Watch President Obama describe the symptoms of #Romnesia: 
Last night’s debate took place blocks away from the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history — where a lone gunman took 58 precious lives and injured hundreds of others. Yet there were zero questions about how we end our gun violence epidemic. It was unacceptable.
I’m in this race to fight for the hardworking Americans who wake up every single day and make our country run. #BidenTownHall 
I want every single American to know: if you’re sick, if you’re struggling, if you’re worried about how you’re going to get through the day — I will not abandon you. I will not leave you to face these challenges alone.  We are going to get through this — together.
We had the honor of having Jesmyn Ward moderate the 30th event on the #AmericanPromiseTour last night. It was wonderful to share the stage with such an incredible and acclaimed writer to discuss #PromiseMeDad. 
This team never gave up. No matter the injuries, no matter the odds. They showed incredible heart. What a great win tonight, @Eagles. #FlyEaglesFly
Stand with survivors and advocates like @nguyen_amanda, @ZerlinaMaxwell, @ruthmglenn, @DavidsonJess22, @Mariska, and so many others. Reauthorize VAWA now.
Luis Alvarez was an American hero—@DrBiden and I are sending our thoughts and prayers to his family.  No one should have to spend their final weeks fighting for the health care and benefits they deserve. We must do better for our 9/11 first responders. 
With one week left until Election Day, I'm delivering remarks in Warm Springs, Georgia, on how we can unite to address the crises facing our nation. Tune in. 
I’ll rejoin the Paris Agreement on day one—and rally the world to push our progress further and faster. It’s time to put an end to Trump’s shameful abdication of leadership. The future of our country and the world our children and grandchildren inherit hangs in the balance.
I couldn't agree with @HillaryClinton more. We need a president who will listen to the science, bring us together, and lead with compassion and heart. If I have the honor of being elected, that's the exact kind of president I will be. 
The Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face. It powerfully captures two core truths:  1️⃣ This is an existential crisis requiring immediate, ambitious action. 2️⃣ Our environment and economy are connected.  #ClimateTownHall
Here’s what I commit to you: I will name a Secretary of Education who is an educator. 
I’ve spent my entire career fighting for a more just, safe, and prosperous America — and I’m not finished yet. 
South Carolina would be lucky to have @harrisonjaime representing them in the Senate. He has the character, intelligence, and integrity needed to serve his community well. I hope you'll #JoinJaime. 
As the remnants of Tropical Storm Eta continue to impact the east coast, I encourage everyone in its path to heed the warnings of emergency responders and local officials. Jill and I send our prayers to those facing yet another storm.
I want every member of the LGBTQ+ community to know you are loved and accepted just as you are — whether you've come out or not. I'll fight every day in the White House to create a country where you can live open, proud, and free — without fear. #NationalComingOutDay
We are in a battle for the soul of the nation –– your voice and vote can make all the difference. Tune in as I speak live from Minnesota. 
Despite what the press said this week, we’re alive, we’re coming back, and we’re gonna win! 
Donald Trump and Congress need to act now to deliver the relief the American people need. 
Just look at his tax plan.  As president, Biden will reverse Trump’s tax cuts for the super wealthy. It’s time we reward work, not just wealth. 
Every step of the way, President Trump has ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people — and we’re all paying the price every single day.  I promise you, I will do the opposite. 
"There's only one person in this race who will be there... That's Hillary Clinton's life story." -VP Biden #DemsInPhilly
Throughout my career in public service, I’ve heard a lot of great ideas, and developed a few of my own. Now we want to hear yours. Join us: 
A border wall is the physical embodiment of @realDonaldTrump’s inability to develop effective immigration policy.  His use of Department of Defense funds for the wall is a phony answer to the real challenges we face—and he knows it. 
No American President should welcome foreign interference in our elections. 
Say thank you—because these are the people who make America run. Not the Wall Street bankers. Not the CEOs or hedge fund managers. Ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Today’s the day — it’s primary day in New Hampshire!  Head to  to make calls into the Granite State from wherever you are in the country to help get voters to the polls.
It’s simple—everyone has the right to live proud, open, and free. And as I said to Kevin and Michael—LGBTQ rights are civil rights. 
Now is not the time to go backward—it's on all of us to stop sexual violence. 
Whether you supported Bernie or any other candidate throughout the primary, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. You're not just welcome — you're needed. And I will do everything I can to earn your vote this November.
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic. We need a president who actually listens to public health experts. 
Millions of Americans will lose coverage. Up to the Senate now. Hoping for courage to return.
A total of about 17 million people have filed for unemployment over the last three weeks. This is unprecedented.   The economic devastation that families all across this country are experiencing is not their fault. We've got to take extraordinary steps to protect them. 
After reports of wealthy Trump donors getting millions in relief meant for small businesses, the administration is now refusing to disclose where the PPP money went. It's unacceptable.  The American people deserve answers. 
There is only one side. #charlottesville
Moments of crisis require presidents to step up, transcend partisan politics, and unite the nation to achieve a common goal. But Donald Trump has done nothing but stoke division—and we're seeing the effect every day. He is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis. 
“We have got to get 11 million people out of the shadows." - VP Biden. Act on immigration:  
I've seen firsthand how hard our educators work for little pay and with few resources. They deserve better. It's time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. 
The Administration promised millions of tests by mid-March. But it's not happening fast enough. Where are the tests, Mr. President? 
The truth is things in life are easier when you have a plan — and that includes voting. So my team set up a tool to help you make your plan to vote. Check it out: 
Wonder why President Trump is lying about me? It's because he knows that I will beat him like a drum.  Chip in $5 before tonight’s public fundraising deadline to help us defeat Donald Trump and stop the outrageous lying and cheating he engages in:  
VP Biden: “We do not think you grow the economy from millionaires down. We know we build it from the middle class out.”
Trump’s erratic, impulsive actions are the last thing we need as Commander-in-Chief. No president should order a military strike without fully understanding the consequences. We don’t need another war in the Middle East, but Trump’s actions toward Iran only make that more likely.
40 days. Let’s do this thing.  
Being a nation of immigrants is and has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity has always made us stronger, but Donald Trump doesn’t get that. 
.@DrBiden and I are thinking of everyone in the path of Hurricane Dorian. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe. 
No graduating class gets to choose the world into which they graduate, but few have ever entered at a point in this country's history where they genuinely have a chance to write a new chapter.  Congratulations to the class of 2020, I can't wait to see the future you create. 
I promise you that as president, I will always appeal to the best in us — not the worst. 
Kayden, 2 Kristina, 16 Jashon, 16 Kennedi, 3 Charnija, 11 Myiesha, 16 Derrel, 15 Eddie, 10 Xavier, 7 Jason, 16 Jurnee, 8 Sentonio, 15   12 children, full of so much promise, taken far too soon. It's heartbreaking. Our inaction is a moral failure.  
.@KamalaHarris is right: If you have a pre-existing condition, the Trump Administration is coming for you.  Vote like your health care depends on it — because it does.   
Let's go #USMNT! RT @TheDemocrats: #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 
There are moments in our history so grim, so heart-rending, that they're forever fixed in each of our hearts as shared grief. Today is one of those moments. 100,000 lives have now been lost to this virus.  To those hurting, I'm so sorry for your loss. The nation grieves with you. 
2019 was Alaska’s warmest year on record, and it’s affecting vulnerable indigenous communities. As president, I promise that I will take bold action against climate change and ensure we achieve a 100% clean energy economy. 
If you’re planning to vote early in-person, today is your last day to do so in many states. Head to  to find all the information you need to cast your ballot. 
Amy — from the moment you announced you were running for president in a snowstorm, it wasn't hard to see you had the grit and determination to do anything you set your mind to. You know how to get things done. With your help, we’re going to beat Donald Trump. 
The stakes of this election could not be higher. We only have one chance to beat Donald Trump — and we need a nominee who can get the job done. 
Thank you, @NAACP, for hosting a thoughtful discussion in Detroit. As I shared today, there’s nothing we can’t do if given half a chance. 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg inspired us all. 
President Obama: "Today’s decision was a victory for people all across this country whose lives will be more secure."
Donald Trump will do everything he can to distract from the fact that because of his failed COVID-19 response:  - Over 200,000 Americans have died - 26 million are on unemployment - 1 in 6 small businesses risk permanent closure  We can’t let him.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future — and time is running out to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle the challenge head-on.
K-12 education isn’t enough. Many parents don’t have access to early educational resources for their kids. A Biden administration will provide Universal Pre-K, to help ensure that no child’s future is determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. #DemDebate
Two days ago, Trump impulsively gave Turkey a green light to invade Syria, blindsiding our military. Today, we see the consequences—Turkish forces attacking the fighters that helped us take on ISIS. It’s a betrayal, takes pressure off the terrorist threat, &amp; leaves us less safe.
I've always stood with America's unions, and as president, I'll fight alongside them to protect and strengthen the right to organize and collectively bargain. 
Like every bully, President Trump is lashing out because he’s afraid. He’s afraid of how badly I will beat him next November.  Let’s make his worst fear a reality:  
There’s no better place than the Iowa State Fair to meet some new folks and stop for ice cream. Thank you to everyone who said hello! 
Kamala — You’ve spent your whole career fighting for folks who’ve been written off and left behind — and no small part of that alongside Beau. From our family: thank you.  
Como tantos otros han dicho, la crueldad es su meta. Es su única meta, y es lo único que tienen para postularse: el miedo, la ira, la división y la crueldad. Debemos restaurar el alma de nuestra nación.
47 years ago today, #RoevWade recognized a woman's constitutional right to choose — but that right is under attack across the country. We must codify Roe into law and fight back against any state laws that violate it.
President Trump's decision to close America's doors to refugees fleeing persecution is cruel and shortsighted. As president, I will restore America's historic commitment to welcoming those whose lives are threatened by conflict and crisis. 
Americans should decide American elections. Period. House Democrats took action to protect our elections from foreign interference — it’s time Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans do the same. 
Before the VP launched  this week, he championed the Violence Against Women Act #TBT #1is2Many 
The Foreign Service Officers who testified this week represent the best of America. They deserve our support &amp; thanks for their work to advance American interests, not the scorn &amp; harassment they get from the President. Every day, Donald Trump reminds us he's unfit to serve.
Today is your absolute last chance to vote in this election. If you haven’t voted early, I need you to vote today and stay in line as long as it takes. Our democracy is at stake. Go to  to find your polling location. 
We need policies that reflect this urgency. I'll have more specifics on how America can lead on climate in the coming weeks.
Workers, like grocery store cashiers, are on the front lines of this crisis risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. President Trump is refusing to do his job, but we've got to do ours. Learn more:  #ShopSmart
The fact is there has been so much unnecessary death in this country. If we had listened to the experts and heeded their warnings, it could have been stopped short. But Donald Trump failed to act — and now the American people are paying the price. 
Health care should be more than just a luxury reserved for those who can afford it. It’s a right we all deserve – one that is central to our dignity, and to who we want to be as a country. 
Thanks so much for following along this afternoon! Follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign. #TeamJoe signing off!
Meeting the newest member of the Biden family today. Congratulations to my niece and nephew. This is what it’s all about. Welcome to the world, sweet Valerie Jean. 
Sarah, I'm incredibly proud of you. You're a woman of real courage. 
Wishing you a happy and safe holiday season. 
My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who already have coverage.
We can’t fix a problem if we refuse to name it: white nationalism. An ideology emboldened by a president who stokes the flames of hatred and coddles white supremacists with messages of support.  We must do what Trump won't: condemn this evil and eradicate it from our society.
Folks, we need to listen to our frontline heroes. Wear a mask. It’s not just about you. It’s about keeping your family, neighbors, and fellow citizens safe. 
That’s the plan.   
Had the opportunity to spend some time with the great residents of Atkinson, New Hampshire, today. Thank you all for the warm welcome into your community! 
It is a national disgrace that millions of Americans do not have a single day of paid sick leave.
Here’s how COVID-19 affected Arizonans under the Trump—Ducey model:  - An infection rate—still—of nearly 20% - The fifth-highest number of current hospitalizations in the country - More than 4,000 deaths from COVID-19 - More than 183,000 cases - Lengthy delays in test results
This is the latest dire consequence of Donald Trump looking the other way on Beijing's repression in Hong Kong. Instead of standing for freedom and democracy, he consistently stands with Xi Jinping.  I'll put American values back at the center of our foreign policy. 
In February, VP Biden praised a new public safety broadband network that will keep firefighters, cops, and EMTs safer: 
Today, folks across the nation have showed their compassion by participating in our first ever #SOULSaturday.  Tune in now as we end the day with a celebration for our campaign’s one year anniversary: 
For too many Americans with insurance, health care costs are still too high. Our plan will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who have it today. 
Wear a mask in public. Read your daily briefings. Listen to the experts.  This really isn't rocket science. It's common sense.
The poor are getting poorer and the bottom is falling out of the middle class. Income inequality is on the rise — made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant give-away to the super-wealthy.
.@DrBiden and I are thinking of everyone in Texas affected by Tropical Depression Imelda. Please follow the instructions of local authorities and take all necessary precautions to stay safe during this flooding. 
"Donald Trump is the wrong president for our country. He has had more than enough time to prove that he can do the job, but he is clearly in over his head...it is what it is."  #DemConvention 
Tom Joyner is like no other. @TJMShow and his presence in the community were legendary, and his work on HBCUs will make a difference for generations. Tom made millions smile and touched many lives — on and off-air. "The Fly Jock" is an undisputed legend. 
Tomorrow, we’re kicking off our eight-day, 18 county “No Malarkey” barnstorm across Iowa! I’d love to see you there. Head to  to find an event in your community. 
"In important things like flying or the running of a nation, experience makes the difference between success and failure." — Captain "Sully" Sullenberger  The White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be ready on day one. 
Trump continues to undermine our standing in the world.  Our core values of inclusivity, diversity, respect for the rule of law, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion are under attack here at home and abroad.
That’s what the presidency is: a duty of care — to all of us, not just our voters, not just our donors, but all of us. 
At the core of our campaign is a simple idea: we are at our best when we’re one America. #TeamJoe 
Our government should work for everyone — not just the powerful or super-wealthy. We need to:  - Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections - End Citizens United and dark money groups - Increase transparency and accountability
I will never give up on the American people. 
Fired up! 
If Donald Trump wants to ask the question: Who will keep you safer as President?  Let’s answer it. 
Los fracasos internacionales de Trump han abierto el camino para que Cuba se una al Consejo de Derechos Humanos de la ONU. Esto traiciona a los presos políticos en Cuba y mina aún más la diplomacia de los EE.UU. Como presidente, defenderé los derechos humanos del pueblo cubano.
Mr. President — this is America. We are strong and great because of our diversity. #DemDebate 
Desperate Donald Trump knows that I can beat him, so now he’s enlisting the help of a foreign government — once again. It’s an abuse of power and violates every basic norm of the presidency.  We cannot give him four more years in the White House.   
It's safe to say I've gotten to know the hardworking men and women of @Amtrak over the years — I'm proud to stand with them as they face furloughs due to funding cuts.  These essential workers have kept us moving during this pandemic –– now it's time we have their backs. 
I can’t believe I have to say this, but please don’t drink bleach.
I understand the appeal of Medicare for All — but folks supporting it should be clear that it means getting rid of Obamacare. And, I'm not for that.  We should protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act and the progress we’ve made. Not tear it down and start over.
We must seek not to build walls, but bridges.  We must seek not to clench our fists, but to open our arms.  We must seek not to tear each other apart, but to come together.
2 days. Finish strong.
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We had a great night at the #DemDebate, but we need your help to keep this momentum going.  Chip in $5 now:  
I've always believed that we've been at our best when we've acted as one America. This crisis is an opportunity for us to be that nation again. There's not a single thing we cannot accomplish if we do it together.
When it comes to this economic crisis, Donald Trump either doesn’t know what’s going on, or he just doesn’t care. 
“For women of my generation, we know we can’t go back and refight those same battles that we fought years or decades ago.”—Dr. Biden
VP Biden to educators at the AFT convention yesterday: “You’re out there to teach because somebody, some teacher, lit a spark in you.”
It was a pleasure spending time with the inspiring young leaders of the @NHYoungDems — especially @RepDenny — in Portsmouth. Thank you to everyone who came out tonight! 
Folks, I just wrapped up my NBC Town Hall where I laid out my plans to build this country back better than before. If you liked what you heard, please chip in to keep tonight's momentum going: 
VP to union workers in MI: “We know who built this country, and we know who is going to rebuild it. It’s you. We should be thanking you.”
Back in action: 
It didn’t have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump was simply not up to the job. 
Jill and I were honored to take the stage today at #SxSW. Join us in seizing the urgency of now to end cancer as we know it. 
56 years ago, the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech changed the course of history. As we mark the anniversary, we must reaffirm our commitment to fulfilling America's founding promise. We can't rest until justice truly rings out for all. 
Happy birthday to the love of my life and the life of my love, @DrBiden. Jilly, I love you. 
We just wrapped up a great CNN town hall and could use your help to keep the momentum going. With just three days left until the South Carolina primary, every dollar makes a big difference. Chip in today: 
The Obama-Biden campaign kicks into high gear with a rally in Columbus tomorrow—watch live at 12:30pm ET: 
Women have decided the course of history with grit, clarity, and courage. This election is no different.  We have just 100 days to get out the vote, unite the country, and vote Donald Trump out of the White House.  Join us, and let's get to work:  
Congratulations, Alexis. We need you in this fight. Proud to stand with you and Planned Parenthood Action Fund. 
I think Barack Obama was one hell of a President. I was proud to stand alongside him every step of the way — and fought like hell to make sure he was re-elected.  Bernie Sanders can't say the same. 
There's nothing that the American people cannot accomplish when we stand together — one nation, united in purpose.
We can’t tear down the ACA. We should protect and build on it. In America, health care should be a right—not a privilege.  As president, I’ll do everything in my power to stand up to the attacks on the ACA and expand coverage to ensure everyone has access to the care they need.
John Walsh was an incredible coach and mentor. He always urged us to play the game and live our lives with passion and integrity. @DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his family — he will be dearly missed. 
It’s become painfully clear that the only senior that Donald Trump cares about is Donald Trump. 
If you live in:  Montana Washington  Today is your last day to register to vote. After today, you can still same-day register in person when you vote early or on Election Day. Head to  to learn more.
RT if you’re on #TeamObamaBiden and excited for tonight’s debate—the action kicks off at 8pm ET on our live blog: 
It’s stories like these that make me so proud to be an American and make me confident that we will overcome this. Because there’s nothing the American people have been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
I’ll read my daily briefings.
“We owe those of you who served, we owe the families of those who have served, an incredible debt.”—VP Biden in Virginia
We need action. But the NRA and gun manufacturers have such a firm grip on Republicans in Congress that they refuse to consider common-sense gun reforms.
Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health care—regardless of the state they live in.  We can't let President Trump continue to work with states to undermine Medicaid and prevent low-income Americans from accessing health care. 
Doughnuts &amp; volunteers help fuel this campaign. Happy to bring some treats &amp; say thanks in Charlotte this week. -Joe 
I am deeply disappointed that Regal Beloit chose to close its doors and lay off over 150 workers instead of finding a resolution with the @MachinistsUnion. Every worker deserves good wages, affordable health care, and strong workplace protections. 
Looking forward to joining the women of @TheView today for my first live interview since announcing my 2020 campaign for President. Tune in 11e|10c|p on @ABCNetwork. #TheView
"It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of America." -VP Biden
Under my tax plan, no one making under $400,000 will see their taxes go up.  But it’s time large corporations and the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share.
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We need to immediately expand vote-by-mail, online voter registration, and early voting to ensure everyone can safely exercise their right to participate in our electoral process. 
I’m going to hold off on commenting on the news tonight until we know more, but there is one thing I will say: Jill and I are keeping our troops and Americans overseas in our prayers. We hope you’ll keep them in yours.
Trump’s continued racist attacks against these members of Congress cannot be tolerated or excused. This is not who we are. We must hold him accountable for his words.
Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to lead our nation through this moment. But don't just take my word for it: 
Touchdown Joe: 
William Gay is the real deal - on and off the field. He’s using his voice to get other men involved to end sexual assault and domestic violence. He understands what this fight is all about. I’m glad to have you on the @BidenFoundation team @Southcity22. 
No one should live in fear of being fired, evicted from their home, or denied service in a restaurant just because of their gender identity or who they love. The #EqualityAct is long overdue, and will ensure LGBTQ Americans are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
You determine the outcome of this election. Vote. Vote. Vote. 
99.9% — that’s the percentage of African-American voters who have not yet had a chance to vote in this nomination process. You cannot and should not win the Democratic nomination for President without the support of black and brown voters.
Don’t let yourself surrender to the fatigue.  America is not going to lose the war against this virus.   We’ll get our lives back. Life is going to return to normal. I promise.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose to unite rather than divide.
There’s no time to waste — we need to get to work immediately on real police reform. Congressman @Hakeem_Jeffries has a bill to outlaw chokeholds. Congress should put it on President Trump’s desk in the next few days. Period. 
We’re going to make record-breaking investments in research and development and zero-carbon technologies so that America is the engine of the world’s clean economy.  The United States will be a 100% clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050.   
We need to:  Build bridges, not walls. Open our arms, not clench our fists. Focus on the ties that bind us together, not tear each other apart.  We need to be what we are at our best: One America.
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.  If you’re with me, let me know by committing to vote today: 
Straight talk on taxes from VP Biden: 
I'm in Dunmore, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plan to create jobs, raise wages, and help America build back better. Tune in to watch: 
When I say we need to restore the soul of the nation, I’m not talking about taking us back to an America that never existed—but propelling us forward to a place we’ve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
Donald Trump wants to give his rich friends another tax cut, so they pay a lower tax rate than tens of millions of essential workers and middle class Americans.  We need a president who cares about more than the wealthy and well-connected.
VP Biden on Romney: “Governor, you can't run from the truth. You can't run from your record. You can't run from your policies.”
$90 billion in clean energy funding. A huge reduction in the cost of solar so that we'll never build another coal plant again.     I did that. Bernie watched. #DemDebate
I couldn’t be more excited to close out this election in Luzerne County PA on Sunday at a Get Out the Vote rally with my friends @Bob_Casey and @CartwrightPA. Join us: 
“Our system is built on the notion of consensus. @Maggie_Hassan knows how to do that without yielding on principle.” –VP Biden #NHTogether
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
I’m running to offer our country a different path. Not back to a past that never was, but to a future that lives up to our founding ideals and fulfills our true promise as a country. If you’re with me, join our campaign today: 
As I told Pauline yesterday in Iowa, if there are any angels in heaven, they are all nurses. 
.@NRA opposition to a full reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act is sickening. We must do more to protect victims of stalking and abuse. It makes no sense to allow those who perpetrated the abuse to have access to deadly firearms. We must stand up now for survivors.
Vladimir Putin doesn’t want me to be President. He doesn’t want me to be our nominee. If you’re wondering why — it’s because I’m the only person in this field who’s ever gone toe-to-toe with him.
You deserve a president who will actually tell you the truth. 
Five. That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted AGAINST the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands.  We need a president who will stand up to the @NRA — not one who stands with them against lifesaving gun safety measures. #DemDebate
“Since President Obama has been elected President and changed the law, Medicare recipients have more benefits.”—VP Biden in Iowa
I’m for the Buffett Rule because it just makes sense. Like the President says—it’s not class warfare. It’s math. -Joe
"You've got to be kidding me." ­-Vice President Biden, on still having to fight for #voterexpansion in 2014. WATCH: 
This moment demands moral leadership. And these players answered by standing up, speaking out, and using their platform for good.  Now is not the time for silence. 
Proud to call you a friend, @RepJoeKennedy. You captured the idealism and optimism of our party — and this nation. Because you understand that everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity. And that in this country, no one gets left behind. Well done.
Our plan to revitalize rural America will provide a path to the middle-class for people in small towns and remote areas across the country. We must build a middle-class where everyone comes along, regardless of zip code. 
Last night, @KamalaHarris chose truth over lies.  She chose hope and unity over fear and division.  She showed America what true leadership looks like — and I couldn't be prouder.
Immigrants have always made our country stronger. Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
If you give me the honor of serving as your president, I won't waste any time getting this virus under control and building our nation back better. 
Our president had the chance to confront an adversary who continues to attack our democracy &amp; our allies. He didn’t. Instead he offered distractions, moral equivalence, &amp; appeasement. This shameful performance doesn't represent the US or what we stand for: 
At a time when the president is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, we cannot discount the voices of those who have the most at stake in this election. 
Experience matters. I’m the only one in this race who has gotten anything big done when it comes to health care. As president, I’ll build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the quality, affordable care they deserve. 
It didn't have to be this bad. 
Boston has had many great mayors in its remarkable history, and @marty_walsh can proudly take his place among any of them. Thank you, Mayor, for giving me the honor of presiding over your swearing-in today. 
I’ve spent my entire career fighting for the middle class and standing up to the abuse of power.  Donald Trump has spent his entire career looking out for himself and abusing his power. 
Monica's story is the story of far too many in our country — and a solemn reminder of the cost of our inaction. No parent should lose their child to an act of gun violence. We have to end this epidemic. 
.@DrBiden and I send our prayers to those affected by today's tragic shooting at Naval Air Station Pensacola. We're grateful for the brave first responders who rushed to the scene and selflessly risked their lives to save others.
Ten years ago, President Obama and I championed and signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act.  As president, I'll enforce our nation’s hate crime laws, reverse Trump’s cruel and discriminatory acts, and sign the Equality Act into law. 
John Hume committed his life to the principles of nonviolence, and through his faith, statesmanship, and perseverance, he helped bring Northern Ireland through the Troubles to a better tomorrow. Jill and I send our condolences to the entire Hume family. 
The greed of drug companies fueled the opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. It’s time we hold pharmaceutical companies accountable. 
Romney invested in a Chinese firm after learning it would “not be subject to taxes in the United States.”  #SketchyDeal
Today at #SxSW, we’re laying out how we’ll harness the momentum of the past year to make real progress. 
I believe in redemption. As president, I’ll ensure that those who were formerly incarcerated have the opportunity to fully reintegrate into society, earn a good living, and participate in our democracy as our fellow citizens.  Read my full plan here:  
Governor @GretchenWhitmer — thank you for your support and for meeting the COVID-19 crisis with the urgency it demands. The people of Michigan are lucky to have you leading the way. #DemConvention 
As president, I will ensure DREAMers are recognized as the Americans they are. In the meantime, the Supreme Court should overturn Donald Trump’s cruel decision so that DREAMers can continue to live fully in the only country they have ever known. Their #HomeIsHere.
Tonight we saw that Americans are ready to come together, and that we the people can overcome these crises and emerge stronger than ever.   Chip in to help us beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. #DemConvention   
"This ain't your father's Oldsmobile. This ain't your father's Republican Party." -VP Biden
Register a voter, tell a story to inspire one person, volunteer one hour of your time—find out more about It Takes One: 
July was the hottest month on Earth ever recorded — making it clearer than ever that climate change is already here and requires our urgent, drastic action.  On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on. 
What kind of president bullies a teenager? @realDonaldTrump, you could learn a few things from Greta on what it means to be a leader. 
Rosa Parks helped ignite a movement that changed the course of history. Let’s carry on her legacy by continuing to push our nation to finally live up to our highest ideals. We can’t rest until we achieve liberty, justice, and equality for all. #RosaParksDay
Our military families sacrifice everything in service to our nation. And today, the Trump Administration revoked automatic citizenship for some of their children.   It's reprehensible and cruel. As president, I'll reverse it immediately. 
Our tolerance and diversity make America great. We are safer and stronger when we welcome the brightest, best and bravest with open arms. 
America is an idea that has grown stronger through the unique contributions of Latinos. @latinovictoryus works tirelessly to empower the community — congrats on 5 years. 
The President held up a bible at St. John’s church yesterday. If he opened it instead of brandishing it, he could have learned something:   That we are all called to love one another as we love ourselves.   That’s hard work. But it’s the work of America.
Catch up on all the great speeches and stories from #DNC2012 so far: 
Watch why teachers all over the country are doing everything they can to get President Obama re-elected in November: 
We have lived long enough with a President who doesn’t think he is accountable to anyone, and takes responsibility for nothing. That’s not me. As a Presidential candidate, I’m accountable to the American people. 
Folks, time is running out to make your voice heard in this election. If you haven’t voted yet, go to  to find your polling place and head there as soon as you can.
Zbigniew Brzezinski's brilliant strategic mind enriched American foreign policy for decades--his distinctive voice will be greatly missed.
Ohio needs a champion—a Governor with a back bone—and that’s @RichCordray. He’s ready to fight for working families, and I’m ready to help him get elected.   Join us in Youngstown tomorrow: 
The 100 richest Americans have made more than $300 billion during the COVID-19 crisis.   Now, in the middle of a pandemic and economic crisis, Donald Trump wants to give them a $29 billion tax break.   Let that sink in.
Folks, this is a big week for our campaign: Tomorrow, I face Donald Trump on the debate stage for the first time — and Wednesday is our final end-of-quarter fundraising deadline.  We can't afford to fall short here. Chip in today: 
“He put forward a clear, specific plan on how to get this country moving forward again.”—VP Biden on President Obama in last night’s debate
Let's call this what it is: A modern-day poll tax. It's unconscionable.  We need to restore voting rights for individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies — and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
Kamala Harris will be an incredible Vice President.  Now let’s get to work. We don’t have a minute to waste.
The simple, sad truth is that this president is not in office to serve the American people. He’s in it to serve himself.  @KamalaHarris and I are in this for you and your families. 
Don’t tell Champ and Major. 
Join me for a virtual roundtable on COVID-19 with Governors Gretchen Whitmer, Phil Murphy and Ned Lamont who are at the forefront of this crisis: 
If true, this constitutes an unprecedented attack on our Foreign Service. Amb. Yovanovitch spent her life advancing U.S. interests, only to be defamed by this administration. Our diplomats deserve better. It's inexcusable that Sec. Pompeo won't defend them. 
With your help, we'll defeat Donald Trump. And we won't just rebuild this nation — we’ll transform it. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today to help make it happen: 
Thousands of Americans are dying every week. The President's response?  "It is what it is." 
It was my honor to preside over Justice Ginsburg’s confirmation hearings, and to support her accession to the Supreme Court. Her opinions, and her dissents, will shape the basis of our law for generations to come — and we’ll be a more just and equal nation because of it. 
It was great to see many of our first responders and union leaders in Cedar Rapids today. This country was built by hard working Americans like you, and I look forward to being back soon! 
I am proud that the average contribution to my campaign is $43.  Chip in to power our grassroots movement through this final stretch: 
Dr. Jill Biden: “At the end of the day, it’s not Barack or Joe alone that are going to move this country forward. It’s you.”
Hosting the G7 at Trump’s hotel? A president should never be able to use the office for personal gain.
"If you give them a fair shot, ordinary American people will never let the country down.”—VP Biden in Martins Ferry, Ohio yesterday
And he doesn’t understand that the longest walk a parent can make is up a short flight of stairs to their child’s bedroom to say, honey, I'm sorry. We have to move. You can’t go back to your school. You won’t see your friends because Daddy or Mommy lost their job.
I have nothing against Amazon, but no company pulling in billions of dollars of profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers. We need to reward work, not just wealth. 
It was great meeting our previous contest winners, Kellie and her wife Amanda, after last month’s Democratic debate.  Enter now for your chance to join us for the next debate in Houston:  
Less than 1% of our population risks everything to protect our country — the other 99% of us owe them more than we could ever repay. #VeteransDay 
If those in power fail to take action on gun safety reform we must vote them out. Period. 
We must stop penalizing and criminalizing poverty. 
There’s no better person to convey what’s at stake in this election than my friend, @MichelleObama. Tune in to hear her closing argument. 
President Trump is taking millions from FEMA disaster relief in the midst of hurricane season to further fuel the crisis at the border.  It makes about as much sense as nuking hurricanes. 
At a time when studies are linking air pollution with COVID-19 mortality rates for the most vulnerable in our society, the Trump Administration is rolling back environmental protections — allowing more poison into our air. 
"When we took office, the unemployment rate was above 10%. It's now below 5%." —VP Biden #Progress #votebluewi
Let's be real about health care. You gotta level with the American people. Tell them the truth, what you think it's gonna cost and how you're gonna get it done. 
The words of a president matter. And time and time again, Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence, stoke the flames of hatred and division, and drive us further apart.   We cannot give him another four years in the White House.
This ugly ideology has no place in America—it is both offensive and dangerous that it has taken root in the White House. Stephen Miller must go now. Then we must ensure Trump is shown the door in 2020—and that his hateful ideology never again is given a voice in the Oval Office.
Donald Trump is the most reckless &amp; incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. Every day he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the world.  We have to get him out of the White House. Chip in to help make him a one-term president: 
Tune in as I speak about the latest jobs report and the state of the economy: 
When they say “the best is yet to come,” that’s a threat. 
Let’s go win this, @KamalaHarris. 
On a day when President Trump is supposed to be embracing a grieving community and celebrating our American diversity in El Paso, his administration is instead stoking fear by conducting massive immigration raids in Mississippi.  He is morally unfit to lead this country. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation — and it’s a battle we can and must win.  Vote. 
Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few.
Waving a white flag and saying, “it is what it is” is unacceptable when thousands are dying each week, when businesses are closing, and when schools remain shuttered. The American people have never backed down from a challenge, but they need a leader to show the way.
Tax experts agree: Romney’s math just doesn’t add up. 
He's using the American military against the American people.  He tear-gassed peaceful protesters and fired rubber bullets.  For a photo.  For our children, for the very soul of our country, we must defeat him. But I mean it when I say this: we can only do it together. 
The Latino community is bearing disproportionate harm from this pandemic. But even before, many Latino families were already struggling. We've got to do better. That's why today, I'm releasing my new agenda for the Latino community: 
VP: “The place where Romney was least responsive &amp; most sketchy, where we have the most basic disagreement with him, is on women’s rights.”
It is not just that Donald Trump is a liar. It is not just that he is corrupt. It is that every day he finds new ways to lie in an attempt to cover up his own corruption. 
As president, I will always choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
.@BarackObama and VP Biden are moving us forward on equal rights: 
The defining characteristic of the Trump Administration is the abuse of power.
We're facing an economic crisis and a climate crisis.    As president, I'll create millions of jobs building resilient roads and bridges, manufacturing electric vehicles, and weatherizing homes and buildings.   Learn more:  
I authored the Violence Against Women Act, and as president I’ll expand our efforts to end gender-based violence. Thank you, @Mariska, @RuthMGlenn, and Carly Dryden for your courage and advocacy. Together, we’ll get this done. #DemConvention 
With your help, we won big in South Carolina. Now, we're shifting our focus to winning big on Super Tuesday. I know we can do it, but we need your help to make it happen.   If you can, please chip in to keep our momentum going: 
Donald Trump’s demonstrated failures of judgment and his repeated rejection of science make him the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health challenge. 
Watch VP Biden talk about preserving Medicare and Social Security—“the sacred promise of a nation that keeps its word.” 
Character is on the ballot. Compassion is on the ballot. Decency, science, democracy.  They are all on the ballot. 
"Folks, tomorrow. Tomorrow is... going to impact on your lives like no other tomorrow." -VP Biden at @FAMU_1887  
Climate change is the challenge that's going to define our American future. And if I have the honor of being elected President, we won't tinker around the edges, we’ll seize this opportunity and meet this moment in history.
With just two months until the Iowa Caucus, we embarked on an eight-day, 18 county #NoMalarkey barnstorm across the state. Folks are fired up to defeat Donald Trump and take back this country. 
Couldn't have said it better myself! I’m honored to have @JohnKerry join me for the #NoMalarkey barnstorm. 
The American people have the capacity to meet this moment. We will come together, look out for one another, and harness the ingenuity of our scientists. We can and will meet this challenge—together. 
Wheels up, folks. 
We were born of an idea that every single person — no matter where they come from — can achieve anything if they work at it. 
A president is supposed to unite our nation and lift us up. Not prey on our divisions and tear us down. 
Voting early in person starts today statewide in California, Iowa, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, and South Carolina.  This is our moment — and there is too much at stake to sit this election out.  Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard.
The VP will be speaking in NH on Thursday about the #BuffettRule. Here's what you need to know about it: 
Ignore the polls. There's simply too much on the line to take anything for granted.  Register to vote:   Donate:   Volunteer:   We can't let up until November. 
“I’m in love with a teacher”: 
Being a nation of immigrants has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity makes us stronger. Donald Trump doesn't get that — we need a president who does. 
It’s no understatement to say that Donald Trump represents an existential threat to the future of our country. He has repeatedly shown little understanding of — and zero regard for — our laws, our values, or our democracy.  We have to get him out of the White House.
“Johnson says the jury is still out on climate change… talk about being out of it.” —VP campaigning with @russfeingold #votebluewi
Today is the first day to sign up for 2018 health insurance through  Deadline is December 15th! 
John, a Facilities Maintainer from Staten Island, recently contracted and survived the coronavirus. Shortly after he recovered, a colleague contracted the virus and needed plasma to battle it. John heroically stepped up and donated his plasma to help his coworker.
This campaign is powered by grassroots supporters like you — and every dollar counts to close the fundraising gap with the Trump campaign. $5, $10, $15, whatever you can, chip in today: 
Not a joke, folks. We added a bunch of new items to our campaign store that I think you'll like. Head to  to stock up today. 
President Obama and I established a White House office to prepare our nation for future pandemics. Donald Trump eliminated it — and we've been paying the price every single day.
The climate emergency presents an enormous opportunity for our nation to take action. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis. #DemDebate 
In a Biden administration, our:  - Secretary of Education will be an educator - EPA Administrator will know climate change is real - Attorney General will defend the Constitution, not the president
“We have come so far—and we’ve got to keep moving forward—not just on women’s issues, but on all issues.”—Dr. Biden in Minnesota
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is — it’s time we show them who we are. We choose:   Hope over fear.  Science over fiction.  Unity over division. Compassion over cruelty.  Truth over lies.
Tomorrow, I’m heading to Nevada for our first Day of Action! Talking with neighbors about what’s at stake in this election is how we’ll win. RSVP to join us in Las Vegas for a phone bank kickoff: 
Nicolás Maduro is a dictator. I strongly condemn his regime’s violent takeover of the Venezuelan National Assembly, the country’s sole remaining democratic institution. 
VAWA’s power is that it gets stronger with each reauthorization. This year can be no different. Like was done in 2000 and 2005 and 2013, we must expand the reach of VAWA to respond to the needs of survivors at risk every day.
Before he passed, John Lewis left us with marching orders.  Today, we must carry them out:  
VPOTUS: “Gov. Romney reflexively criticizes the President’s policies, and almost in every case without offering any specific alternative.”
100 days until the New Hampshire primary. One year until Election Day 2020.  There’s no time to waste, chip in $5 now to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:  
I had the privilege to thank one of our grassroots donors. It's because of supporters like Josh we're able to make this campaign a reality and bring this country together. 
A giant among men, a civil rights hero, and a man I'm honored to call a friend — Happy Birthday, Congressman Lewis! Every day your courage inspires me like it's inspired our entire country. 
The future is yours. I'm counting on you. 
Folks, tonight we secured the 1,991 delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination. I'm going to spend every day fighting to earn your vote so that, together, we can win the battle for the soul of this nation. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump threatens everything we stand for, he has:  - Fanned the flames of hate - Embraced white supremacists - Separated families at the border - Threatened our democracy  We have to get him out of the White House.
The criticism of Obamacare is a bunch of malarkey. #DemDebate 
It wasn't a setup, I swear. 
The fact is Secretary Betsy DeVos and President Trump don't care about our students or our teachers.  You deserve better. 
The President’s in Ohio today—don’t miss this video of VP Biden’s last swing through the Buckeye State: 
In America, health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the wealthy few.  As president, I’ll repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super wealthy and close capital gains loopholes to help ensure everyone has access to the care they deserve. 
John Lewis left us with marching orders. It’s up to all of us to carry them out:  
“They say they value children and the elderly, but their budget slashes 19 million people off of Medicaid.”—VP Biden on Romney-Ryan
Tonight, our campaign will close our books and send in the names of our grassroots supporters for the final time.   Chip in to make sure you’re on the list: 
Tonight, you made history, @theebillyporter. And as you did it, you reminded us that there is so much more that unites us than divides us. You blazed a trail that will mean so much to so many young people who can now imagine themselves standing on that stage because of you.
Happy Chanukah! Vice President Biden will be speaking at the National Menorah Lighting at 4pm ET today. Listen here: 
The people of Guatemala should be the ones to choose their next president. The stakes are high: promoting transparency, shared prosperity, and combating corruption. For this reason, the @TSEGuatemala needs to certify all eligible presidential candidates by the Sunday deadline.
Who in God's name needs a weapon that can hold one hundred rounds? These weapons of war have no place in our communities. I’ve taken on the @NRA to ban them once before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
During these uncertain times, getting the right information out there is so important.  Myself and @DrBiden had the opportunity to host a conversation about COVID-19 with 3 family vloggers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in now: 
Crisscrossing the country with VP Biden, President Obama, and the First Lady on the road to November 6th: 
Hey everyone — @TeamJoe here! We’re taking over the account to keep you in the loop on tonight’s #DemDebate. Make sure to follow along for updates! 
Joe Biden’s health care plan will offer a new choice for Americans: keep your private insurance or choose a public option like Medicare. #DemDebate 
In my experience, asking a foreign government to manufacture lies about your domestic political opponent is not “done all the time.” 
President Trump promised Mexico would pay for his border wall. That was never going to happen. And now he’s raiding billions from our military to pay for it.  
“They turn Medicare into a voucher system, and they put insurance companies back in control of your health.”—VP Biden on Romney-Ryan
America has always met every big challenge with an even bigger solution — this moment should be no different. We need an infrastructure program that will combat climate change and create good-paying jobs at the same time.
“The American people support the DREAMers.”—VP Biden speaking at #NCLR2012 today
I said a year ago we’re living through a battle for the soul of this nation. Now there can be no doubt. Roe, Obergefell, Fisher, and more—so many of our fundamental rights, freedoms, and liberties—and the rule of law—are all at risk.
Through every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger — and we will again.
JoAnne, the good news is the bad news: you won the contest, and you're coming to Houston with me. Grateful for JoAnne's support and that of our incredible supporters. 
Leadership requires foresight. 
We all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We must give hate no safe harbor. 
America's farmers deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump's empty rhetoric and broken promises. 
In the wake of the coronavirus, we need a major bailout package that delivers real relief to the American people — not more handouts for giant corporations. 
I’ve spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power. That’s what motivated me to write &amp; champion the Violence Against Women Act. The law helped change our culture—but there’s more work to do.  Today, I’m releasing my plan to end violence against women:
.@KamalaHarris, you made us all proud tonight.
I visited the Techren solar facility. Let me tell you: Nevada gets it. Solar facilities like this one are powering our transition to clean energy and creating jobs in the process. We've got to transition to a clean energy economy. #DemDebate 
Every worker deserves fair wages, good benefits, and protections from sexual harassment. I’m proud to stand in solidarity with @hgsuuaw. I urge the university to negotiate in good faith to secure a fair contract with good health care benefits.
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s Town Hall in Miami, Florida. Tune in to @NBC now to watch live. 
New York — you can vote early in-person starting today.  Be among the first in your state to make your voice heard in this year's election. 
I stand in solidarity with those marching in New York against the rise of anti-Semitism. This is what the battle for the soul of our nation looks like — and it's up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. 
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear.
I'm not looking to punish anyone, but it's about time the super-wealthy and corporate America start paying their fair share.
The Trump Administration is recklessly loosening regulations on greenhouse gas emitters. As president, I’ll ensure these corporations are held accountable. 
Today, we remember and honor our nation's prisoners of war and those still missing in action. We have an obligation to fulfill our national promise to our military service members and their families to bring all our heroes home. You are not forgotten. #POWMIARecognitionDay 
Three weeks from today, we’re going to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
It’s clear that when the count is finished, we believe we will be the winners. 
Today marks the first-ever #VoteEarlyDay — and our campaign has set a big goal of talking to ten million people about voting early.  We can’t do it without you — sign up to help: 
Voting is a right. 
Wear a mask. 
“The Violence Against Women Act is as important today as it’s ever been.”—VPOTUS urging the House to pass #VAWA after the Senate vote today
I stood before the nation 11 years ago tonight in Denver and accepted the Democratic Party’s nomination for vice president. I’m still humbled by the immense trust and faith you placed in President Obama and me.  It’s an evening I’ll never forget. 
When it comes to expanding access to more affordable health care, Americans like Charlene can't wait. I'm the only candidate in this race who has passed a big, bold health care reform bill — and I'll do it again in the White House. 
VP Biden and @EvaLongoria will speak to supporters in Orlando next week about the important choice Latino voters face this fall.
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that president. 
I’m running as a Democrat, but I will be an American president. Whether you voted for me or against me, I will represent you.
A wall will not stop the coronavirus.  Banning all travel from Europe — or any other part of the world — will not stop it.  This disease could impact every nation and any person on the planet — and we need a plan to combat it.
Today is a day to celebrate Armenia’s democratic progress and to honor Armenia’s history. That history is not complete unless we recognize, once and for all, the Metz Yeghern—the Armenian Genocide. 
It's time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. As president, I'll reverse Trump's tax cuts for the super-wealthy and build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
VP Biden made clear in his remarks today that Romney-Ryan would take us back to the failed Bush policies that crashed our economy.
We all have a responsibility to stand up and speak out when we see abuse of power. Silence is complicity. 
President Trump’s dithering on preparing us for this global pandemic and his lies about his response to this dangerous crisis is one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history.  
Climate change poses an existential threat to our health, our communities, our national security, and our economic well-being.   As president, Biden will rally the world to address the climate emergency and lead through the power of example. #DemDebate 
If I’m elected president, I promise you that America will be better prepared to deal with any threats that come our way.  That starts with restoring the PREDICT program that President Trump ended. 
We need to take the next step in improving our nation’s health care system. The Affordable Care Act was an historic first step — we need to build on it, not start from scratch. I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to affordable, quality health care.
You've got to have a plan. Make one before Tuesday. 
“We’re all better off when everybody is in this deal together, when we’re all working together.”—VP Biden in Sarasota, FL
"How do we make it better?" Listen to VP Biden preview the State of the Union address:  #SOTU 
“Hello, this is Joe”: 
You shouldn't be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for. Under my plan, you will be able to keep them. 
Pitch in if you agree:  
We’re in the midst of an all-out assault on human dignity—yes, at the border, but also in the courtroom, in the classroom, and on the factory floor. 
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than someone making $50 million a year.  We’ve got to repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class.
Still true. 
As Americans, we may be physically apart, but we are truly all in this together. When we have stood as one, this nation has never been defeated. And we are not going to be defeated now. 
I just stepped off the #DemDebate stage, where I laid out my bold vision for the country and how I’ll deliver real progress for working families.  If you liked what you heard tonight, help us keep our momentum going by pitching in: 
Dr. Jill Biden on President Obama: “He implemented and expanded the G.I. Bill and signed tax cuts for businesses who hire veterans.”
Instead of passing police reform or helping hardworking Americans get through this crisis, Republicans are jamming through another one of Trump’s unqualified nominees. It's wrong.  Cory Wilson lacks judicial temperament and experience—and has no place on a Federal Court. 
In the middle of a global pandemic, President Trump is trying to get the U.S. Supreme Court to eliminate Obamacare and rip health care protections away from 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.  Don't forget that.
The courage and determination of folks like @fred_guttenberg have turned the fight for gun safety reform from a cause to a movement.  Together, we will beat the @NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. 
I’m Joe Biden and I approve this message. 
I had the opportunity to congratulate some newly minted U.S. citizens in Des Moines, Iowa. Tonight’s naturalization ceremony — on the anniversary of our independence — serves as a reminder that being a nation of immigrants is one of our greatest strengths. #FourthOfJuly 
Folks, if you haven’t returned your absentee ballot yet, it’s important you do so as soon as possible.  Head to  to learn more about how to return your ballot.
Newtown Parkland Las Vegas  Enough is enough. We have to take on the @NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. 
Make no mistake, the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump’s own making. He claimed walking away from the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He failed on both accounts. 
Rooms of people packed body to body. Kids being held without access to showers or a change of clothes. It’s simply abhorrent.  We all have a moral obligation to keep speaking out until this administration ends these inhumane policies once and for all. 
Our nation is desperate for leadership — leadership that can unite us and steer us through these crises. But at the most critical moment of his presidency, Donald Trump has nothing to offer.
On this feast day of Cuba’s patron saint la Virgen de la Caridad del Cobre, Jill and I pray that the love and compassion “Cachita” inspires will fill the hearts of Cubans and believers around the world. 
I don’t endorse Republicans. 
Mr. President, this pandemic isn't about you. It's about the health and well-being of the American people. 
Thank you, Arizona! 
Today, we’re officially launching our fall line! Head to  to stock up on new t-shirts, stickers, sweatshirts, and more. 
Let’s call this what it is: a right-wing effort to influence our elections and make it harder for folks to vote. We have to fight these partisan attacks on our democracy and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box. 
Dr. Jill Biden: “Barack is the son of a single mother who worked hard to pay the bills.”
The Biden Administration will not silence scientists. 
Russia undermined our democracy by interfering in the 2016 election. That's a fact. We need a President who will stand up to the Kremlin, push back against Putin, and take immediate steps to ensure the security of our elections.
The choice for the middle class is clear—Romney would cut jobs for teachers and first responders; the President would put them back to work.
Stopping sexual assault is everyone's responsibility. Visit  and take the pledge. #ItsOnUs
If the reports are true, Donald Trump either read his briefings about the Russian bounties and did nothing — or he didn't read them at all. Either way, it's an unjustifiable dereliction of duty.  The American people deserve answers. 
"There's not a single thing the American people can't do."  #DemDebate #TeamJoe 
The Obama-Biden Administration set up the White House National Security Council Directorate for Global Health Security and Biodefense to prepare for future pandemics like COVID-19.  Donald Trump eliminated it — and now we're paying the price.
Folks, I hope you'll join my 2:00 PM Economic Response to COVID-19 remarks — I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at 2:00 PM to watch live!   
The Iowa caucus is tomorrow night, it’s time to make your plan! Caucusing is fun and easy — and making a plan only takes a few minutes. Head to  to make sure you’re all set. 
When your advisers call folks who can't afford nannies "the little people," it's clear you don't understand America. 
VIDEO: VP Biden on how President Obama—unlike Mitt Romney—has stood up to China when American jobs are on the line. 
Happy birthday, @MichelleObama. You’re a shining light in the lives of all that have the honor of knowing you. Jill and I are grateful to call you a dear friend.  But don’t tell Jill — I’m still eating ice cream. And I’m not sorry. 
Kofi Annan knew that human beings acting together could make the world better. He dedicated his life to that belief. He insisted that defending human rights and dignity were part of our responsibilities to one another. We are all better for his influence on our world.
We want our country to get moving and healthy again. But we must take the necessary, rational steps, grounded in science, to do so safely, so COVID-19 doesn’t come roaring back. 
Dr. King was proof that the promise of America can beat so strongly in the heart of one person they can move this nation. We can all -- 300 plus million Americans -- honor Dr. King’s legacy by remembering that today. #MLK50
What kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs? We have to take on the @NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reforms to protect our children. 
America is strongest when we lead with our values—at home and abroad. 
VP: “My mom used to say, children tend to become that which you expect of them. We expect a lot of you because you are capable of a lot.”
Throughout his career, Joe Biden has:  Fought redlining.  Fought school lines drawn to keep races &amp; classes separate.  Fought to put public housing in white neighborhoods.  Fought for more resources to prosecute hate crimes.  #DemDebate
I’ve always believed we are strongest when we act as one America. If we come together and unite this country, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.  If you agree, join our team today: 
I’ve worked like the devil to earn the vote of the African American community.   I don’t expect anything. I plan to earn the Black vote. And I’m here to ask for it. #DemDebate
Guys, if you see one of your classmates trying to take advantage of a woman who did not or could not consent, you must step in. #ItsOnUs to change this culture. 
Every worker should have the chance to join a union which bargains to ensure they get paid a living wage and have protections against sexual harassment. That's why I'm proud to stand with @McDonalds workers who are striking in Detroit and across the country today. 
Democracy is under threat globally. Restoring the soul of America means fixing democracy at home, and confronting — not cozying up to — dictators around the world. When I'm president, America will defend democracy at home and abroad. 
Our teachers and firefighters should not pay a higher tax rate than Wall Street CEOs. That’s why I’ll repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy and close capital gains loopholes.  It’s time we reward work, not just wealth.
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. But Donald Trump has slammed the door in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. Jill traveled to Matamoros to shed light on how these policies hurt asylum seekers. 
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for their coronavirus treatment.
This #SpiritDay — and every day — we must stand up to hate and intolerance. It’s up to all of us to ensure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are — regardless of sexual orientation, gender identity or expression.
Every American family deserves access to affordable, high-quality child care.  Here's how I'll make that happen:  
Making these revolutionary changes is going to take an incredible commitment at all levels, but I know we can meet this challenge.  Because this is what America does best—solving big problems, with big ideas. If you agree, please sign your name here: 
Barack Obama was a great president. We don’t say that enough. 
We have to elect @HillaryClinton in 5 days. But she has got to have a Congress to work with. Vote down the line.
Take a look inside the #NoMalarkey bus with my favorite road trip partner, @DrBiden. 
Fellow @UDelaware Blue Hen @Sage_Gaea of @knowyourIX has done so much for the students of Delaware through her advocacy, and is now fighting for students across the country.
Today I sat down with leaders in Williamsburg County, South Carolina. We talked about the issues impacting rural communities like broadband access, investing in education and infrastructure, and healthcare. 
If I'm elected president, my children will not sit in on Cabinet meetings or have offices in the White House. 
How will I ensure the rights of LGBTQ+ people are protected under U.S. law?  I’ll change the law.
Great to see Mayor @marty_walsh, and hear about everything he's doing to keep Boston strong. 
Let's see a bill that actually tries to improve folks' health care, and then we can have a reasonable debate about how to best do that.
Happy Valentine’s Day, Jilly. You're the love of my life and the life of my love. 
Early voting starts today in:  Alaska Arkansas Colorado Florida (in most counties) Idaho (in some counties) North Dakota  Don't wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot — vote early today:  
Happy anniversary to the love of my life and the life of my love, @DrBiden. I’m forever grateful you agreed to spend the rest of your life with me. I love you, Jilly! 
Anyone who met Amari will tell you that he was a charismatic young man—poised for greatness. He was ready and willing to take on the world. I can tell you that in 20 years, we all would have been saying, ‘Amari for President.’ #AmariForPresident 
If Donald Trump prevails in the U.S. Supreme Court, insurers could strip away your health insurance coverage or jack up premiums — simply because you experience long-term effects after battling the coronavirus.  We can't let that happen. 
Every single American worker deserves the chance to join a union. As president, I’ll strengthen our labor unions and ensure workers can bargain for the pay, benefits, and workplace protections they deserve. 
I don't usually Google myself, but I made an exception for @WIRED’s Autocomplete Interview. Check it out: 
Vote early. 
I’ve got the record and the vision to get big things done for America. 
Keep faith in the process and in each other. Together, we will win this.
Before we're Democrats or Republicans or independents — we're Americans.  We can't forget that.
Engineers, babies, and plenty of smiles greeted the VP in Columbus, Ohio last week: 
We Veeps stick together. Jill and I, and all of the Bidens, are with you, Julia. 
The United States of America can be defined by one word: Possibilities. 
There's no mystery when it comes to what's happening with the Supreme Court. President Trump and Republicans have been trying to throw out Obamacare for years — and now they see an opening to get it done.  We can't let them get away with it.
Once this election is finalized and behind us, it will be time for us to do what we've always done as Americans: To put the harsh rhetoric of the campaign behind us.
Our 9/11 first responders represent the best of our country — selflessly rushing into danger to save others. We owe them so much, and the least we can do is provide the health care and benefits they deserve.   Thank you, Jon Stewart, for continuing to have their backs. 
Wondering how to get involved with #Obama2012? There’s an app for that: 
Keep your beverages frosty for the last few weeks of summer with the VP’s “Cheers, Champ” can holder: 
Take a look back through Joe’s career with these photos (via @TPM): 
When President Trump was told one thousand Americans were dying every day from COVID-19, he shrugged it off and said, "it is what it is."  It is what it is?  This president doesn't even pretend to care about the Americans he swore to serve. It's disgraceful.
Today I released my plan to reform our criminal justice system.   Equality, equity, justice—these ideas form the American creed. We have never lived up to it and we haven’t always gotten it right, but we’ve never stopped trying. Learn more about my plan at  
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are.  We choose science over fiction, hope over fear, and unity over division. #DemDebate 
What a great few days in South Carolina. I’ll be back soon! 
Make no mistake: Climate change is already here — and we’re witnessing its devastating effects every single day.   We have to get President Trump out of the White House and treat this crisis like the existential threat that it is. 
Donald Trump sees the world from Park Avenue.  I see the world from where I grew up: Scranton, Pennsylvania.
Over 200 years ago, our nation was born out of a bold statement: We the People.  Not You. Not Me. But We. 
"You can tell a lot about a candidate...by looking at the people who oppose her." -VP Biden supporting @KatieMcGintyPA
Jill and I are praying for the victims and their families. Grateful for courage of my former colleagues, first responders &amp; Capitol Police.
This Native American Heritage Day, we give thanks to our Indigenous communities and their ancestors. As we celebrate their rich heritage and contributions, let’s commit to writing a new future together — one built on a strong partnership and filled with opportunity for all.
The 60th anniversary of our alliance with Japan reminds us that close partnership and deep cooperation are among our greatest assets. I understand the value of our alliances; they make us stronger. I would build on this legacy, rather than dismantling it.
Voter registration deadlines are coming up in many states. Make sure your vote gets counted: 
I've released 21 years of my tax returns. Why haven't you released any of yours, Mr. President?  Release your taxes or hush up about corruption. 
Whether you supported Pete, Amy, Beto, or any other candidate in this race — know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I will do everything I can to earn your vote.
I'm about to address tonight's election results from Delaware. Tune in to watch live: 
How long do we let gun violence tear families apart? Enough. Congress &amp; the WH should act now to save lives. There's no excuse for inaction.
It's clear who President Trump works for. He gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, he’s cutting food stamp funding for the 3rd time. It’s cruel.  No family should go hungry in America. 
We need to get rid of the capital gains loophole for multimillionaires. I’m going to change it so millionaires and billionaires don’t pay lower tax rates than teachers and firefighters. We need to reward work in this country, not just wealth.
This campaign is about listening to communities and working with them to find solutions to the issues on their minds. Yesterday we held a roundtable to do just that.  Thank you to everyone who shared their stories with me in Atlanta. 
I know it can be hard to keep faith that we will ever achieve that more perfect union we strive to be. But ours is a union worth fighting for — and we are all called to the cause.  None of us can turn away. None of us can stay silent.
Amari was 16, not old enough to vote, but that didn't stop him from helping change the course of history. He brought his infectious passion and light to our campaign every day — and made us all better in the process. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers. 
It is within our capacity to end the gun violence epidemic. We need a president who will take on the @NRA and beat them (again). 
Not only was the individual 50+ feet away and wearing a mask, but I was wearing an N-95 mask. No members of my staff were in contact with this crew member either.  My doctors have advised that there is no need for me to quarantine.
Fixing what's broken in this country will take vision—and yes, it will take plans. But that’s not enough.  It also takes the proven ability to get it done. And there is no one on tonight's stage who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do.
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America’s foreign policy, salvaging our reputation, and rebuilding respect for the United States around the world.  We need a leader who will be ready on day one. 
This Labor Day, we celebrate the battles waged and victories won by organized labor. Unions built the great American middle class, and it’s time we recognize that.  I promise you if I’m elected president, unions will have no stronger champion in the White House. 
I've spent my career working to end violence against women and will fight to end the epidemic of missing and murdered indigenous women. I applaud Congress for passing Savanna's Act this week.  Now, the Senate and President Trump need to reauthorize VAWA. It's long overdue. 
We're building a campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and transform this nation — but we need your help to do it. Join us this Sunday for a Grassroots Strategy Summit, where we'll lay out our path to victory and how you can get involved:  
For too many people across the country, the daily scourge of gun violence has turned normal into a living nightmare. It has to end. I’ve taken on the @NRA and won — twice. And I’ll do it again as president to end our gun violence epidemic. 
Whether you’re covered through your employer, on your own, or not at all - you should have a choice to buy into a public option health plan like Medicare.
Jill &amp; I send our condolences to the loved ones of service members lost in MS crash—those who wear the uniform are the heart of our nation.
Yesterday, Jacob Blake was shot seven times in the back by police. His kids watched from the car. Today, we woke to grieve yet again.  We need a full and transparent investigation. 
It's hard to believe, but Monday marks 50 days until Election Day. To kick off the final stretch, @HillaryClinton and @KamalaHarris are hosting a grassroots fundraiser.  You won't want to miss this, folks. Chip in to reserve your spot: 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump’s poisonous rhetoric has emboldened the worst among us to crawl out from under their rocks and spread their hate openly.  We have to get Trump out of the White House and give hate no safe harbor.
America’s teachers shouldn’t have to work a second job after a full day in the classroom just to make ends meet — but stories like these are all too common. In a Biden administration, we’ll change that by giving our educators the pay they deserve. 
We cannot, and will not, stand for President Trump’s corruption. We will beat him like a drum.
Today as we honor the life and legacy of civil rights and labor movement activist, César Chávez, we also thank the more than 2 million farmworkers who are on the frontlines, working to keep Americans fed and healthy during this pandemic. 
Thanks for having me on, @jimmykimmel! 
We will be rolling out policies to reduce gun violence in the coming months, but it’s clear we need to:  - Close the loophole that allows individuals to buy guns online or at gun shows without a background check. - Ban the sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
Looking forward to talking with @StephenAtHome about what’s at stake in this election and why I’m running for president.   Tune in to the @colbertlateshow tonight! 
We choose:  Hope over fear. Unity over division.  Truth over lies.   Our nation’s character is on the ballot, Iowa. Tonight, let’s show them who we really are. 
VP Biden: For women, "the picture is becoming more clear" after last night's debate. 
From tackling climate change to making community college free for all — I've got big plans for the country.  And I'll pay for them by making sure the super-wealthy, like President Trump, pay more than $750 in federal income taxes.
We need action, not more empty words from President Trump. It’s time for him to step up and do his job. 
There's still time to take this election into your own hands. Don't regret what you could have done—take action right now: 
We need a president who listens. 
This election is bigger than any one candidate.   It's about the future of our economy, our health care, our climate, our commitment to racial justice, our democracy –– and so much more.  We have to vote. 
Whether you’re in the Oval Office or on our party’s debate stage: racial profiling is wrong. Period. #DemDebate 
On Romney’s jobs plan: “It will create 800,000 jobs—all of them overseas—and we’re being lectured by this guy about getting tough on China?”
Joe photo of the day, DQ edition: 
Let's be very clear. You use the office of the presidency to encourage and embolden white supremacy. You use words like "infestation" and "invasion" to talk about human beings. We won't truly speak with one voice against hatred until your voice is no longer in the White House. 
We all said that Donald Trump’s trade war would lead to job losses and higher prices.  And now, it’s leading to job losses and higher prices.  I didn't read “Art of the Deal,” but this is the textbook definition of a failed negotiation. 
Donald Trump showed the country last night just how unfit he is to be president. If you weren't able to bear watching it, we condensed it down to one minute for you: 
We are tearing communities apart through mass incarceration. That's why the Biden administration would reform the criminal justice system by:  ✅ Reducing our prison population ✅ Eliminating racial disparities ✅ Making our communities safer  Learn more: 
You have enough on your plate — you shouldn't also have to worry about the president making things even tougher for you. 
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is. State election officials are working closely with public health officials to hold safe elections. If you are feeling healthy, not showing symptoms, and not at risk of being exposed to COVID-19: please vote on Tuesday.
It’s Election Day. Go vote, America!
Make no mistake: Our best days still lie ahead. If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
Workers called back on the job deserve access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing.
With just four days until New Hampshire voters head to the polls, there’s no time to waste. We need your help to keep the momentum going from tonight’s #DemDebate. Chip in $5 to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch: 
The VP gave a speech on national security yesterday at NYU—watch his full remarks: 
Let’s be clear: President Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And now, he’s in the process of squandering it.
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions, and has saved lives.  We can’t afford to tear it down and start over. As president, I will protect and build on it. 
I know that with folks like Bernice and the Reckoning Crew, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. I'm so grateful to have them on our team.  Join them and get involved in your community:  
Donald Trump's wealthy donors got tens of millions of dollars in relief, while countless small businesses were turned away. It's no wonder he didn't want any oversight.  We need a government that works for all — not just the super-wealthy.
"I hope you will accept this corsage and enjoy your prom as much as I did mine." - The VP 
We're eight months into this pandemic, and Donald Trump still doesn't have a plan to get this virus under control.  I do.
VP: “Our President knows creating jobs here in America, keeping jobs here, and bringing jobs back to America—that's the job of a President.”
We're just 150 days out from Election Day, and the stakes have never been higher. We have to defeat Donald Trump, and once we do, we won’t just rebuild this country — we'll transform it. Together.   Help us make it happen: 
We can’t sit by as Donald Trump and Republicans use COVID-19 as an excuse to disenfranchise voters. We need to ensure people have the opportunity to vote by mail, early vote, vote absentee and, in every way possible, safely vote in person this November. 
We feel good about where we are. We believe we are on track to win this election.
The American people are still waiting to see your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. What are you hiding?
The Voting Rights Act used to be one of our best tools to fight state laws designed to suppress the vote — particularly the votes of people of color. Then it was gutted by the Supreme Court, and Congressional Republicans have refused a legislative fix.
Join Vice President Biden and special guests for a #Gen44 event in D.C. on April 17th: 
Let's be clear: If Donald Trump can afford to give giant tax breaks to the super-wealthy, then he can afford to ensure that the most vulnerable in our society receive the health care they need and deserve.  We should be expanding Medicaid — not cutting it. 
You deserve a President and Vice President who will spend every minute of every day working to make your life better.  I promise that’s exactly what @KamalaHarris and I will do.
Join our virtual town hall on unemployment and the issues currently facing working families across the nation. Tune in now: 
Are you still undecided about who to vote for or know someone who is? My team put together some cheat sheets to show where Donald Trump and I stand on the issues to help you out. Take a look, and then share them with family and friends. 
They got it wrong the first time. They will get it wrong again. 
Yesterday’s Supreme Court decision was a huge blow to workers.  It denies them the ability to take their employers to court if they're being cheated out of pay, forced to work in unsafe conditions, or sexually harrassed.
Make no mistake: if you are out of work, if your business is closed, if your child’s school is shut down, if you are seeing layoffs in your community, Donald Trump decided today that none of that matters to him.
Today is this campaign’s biggest fundraising deadline yet. Donate $5 before midnight: 
We all know President Trump has a tendency to stray from the truth, so let's set the record straight. 
Rep. Steve King should resign. His comments on rape and incest have no place in Congress and fuel a corrosive culture in this country around sexual assault.  We deserve better from our elected officials. 
Alfonso came here with a dream. And now he’s been robbed of his future. Enough is enough. 
Get ready Iowa, I'm heading your way for an eight-day, 18 county “No Malarkey” barnstorm!    Find an event near you:  
“I believe this election will come down to character, conviction, and vision.”—VP Biden at the NAACP today
We all want students back in the classroom, but President Trump hasn't done the work to make sure schools can reopen safely and effectively.  @KamalaHarris and I will be ready on day 1 with a roadmap for reopening. 
Be sure to follow the “Joe Biden on the road” Pinterest board for updates from the campaign trail:  #Obama2012
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country — tonight's victories wouldn't be possible without your support. Together, we'll win this nomination, beat Donald Trump, and take back this country! 
Heads up: We'll be livestreaming the Vice President's New Hampshire speech on the #BuffettRule tomorrow. Watch this space for details.
We need a president who will lower the temperature and bring the country together — not one who raises it and tears us further apart. 
All those people Bernie says he cares about would have been in deep trouble without the bailout in 2008/2009. It was about saving the economy — and I agree with Bernie, some bank executives should have gone to jail. #DemDebate
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. We lend a hand to our neighbors and take care of those in need. It's who we are. In that spirit, and to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting S.O.U.L. of the Nation Saturday this weekend.
America is an idea stronger than any army and bigger than any ocean. It’s more powerful than any dictator or tyrant. It offers hope. #DemConvention 
The challenge before us right now is immense — we need bold action to fight this pandemic. That’s why @KamalaHarris and I are getting right to work preparing to get this virus under control.
Members of Teamsters Local 104 are striking against ASARCO for their unfair labor practices—I called into the picket line to support them. Every company should provide its workers with the pay and benefits they've earned—especially one that pulls in over $1 billion in profits. 
Here's the full video of VP Biden's speech on the #BuffettRule in New Hampshire this morning: 
I’ve fought my heart out to ensure that civil rights, voting rights, and equal rights are enforced everywhere. These rights are not up to the states to decide. They are embedded in our Constitution. And the federal government has a duty to protect the civil rights of all people. 
Three years later, the horrific attack on Pulse Nightclub still shakes our nation to the core. A night that should have been a celebration of love and life was cut short by unspeakable terror. Today, we remember those we lost — including so many in the LGBTQ community. 
Folks, the big night is finally here. Tune in at 9 PM ET for the first presidential debate. 
America’s farmers have had enough of your empty promises, Mr. President.  
I just made a stop at Chicago HQ today, which confirmed to me why we’re going to win. This is an amazing operation. –Joe
VP Biden: “When Gov. Romney was asked whether or not women deserve equal pay for equal work, what was his answer? Binders.”
Science knows. 
I’m proud to have been one of the first to introduce climate change legislation. What I fought for in 1986 is more important than ever — climate change is an existential threat. Now. Today.
Together, we can make Donald Trump a one-term president.  
My team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us. And yes, we can have ice cream for dessert!  Time is running out to enter — chip in for your chance to win:  
The VP took the stage in York, Pennsylvania with his grandson and son on Sunday. 
Stop the xenophobic fear-mongering. Be honest. Take responsibility. Do your job. 
We're a diverse country — and unless we are able to treat people equally, we're just never going to meet our potential.
More than anything, we need a president who can deliver on climate change. Joe Biden has a proven record of bringing people together to achieve real, lasting solutions — at home and abroad. #DemDebate
It's pretty simple: If we want to save people's jobs and save people's lives, we need more testing — and we need it faster. The President is intentionally slowing it down. 
Here’s my promise to you: If I have the honor of serving as the next commander in chief, I will ensure that our American heroes know that I will have their back and honor their sacrifice. Always. 
I’m about to take the stage for tonight’s #DemDebate, so I’m passing the account over to my team. They’ll keep you in the loop throughout the night on everything happening. Follow along here and on @TeamJoe for updates. Tune in to @MSNBC at 9 PM ET to watch live!
New Hampshire, I’m heading your way this weekend to talk about our plans to rebuild the backbone of the country — the middle class. Head to  to find an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he is responsible for his failed response and for lying to the American people. 
Photo of the day: VP Biden greets a little Granite Stater during a campaign stop. 
Team, we had a great debate tonight in South Carolina. I could use your help to keep this momentum going as we head toward the primary this Saturday.   With just a few days left - chip in what you can, every dollar makes a difference:  
Lunch summit. 
I was honored to join @UniteThePoor, @RevDrBarber, and @liztheo at today’s #PPCMoralCongress Presidential Forum.
“We see an America where our daughters have every—and I mean every—opportunity our sons have.”—VP Biden to the NAACP today
I’ll just say what @billieeilish said: vote like your life depends on it. #DemConvention 
I am confident America is better positioned than any other nation in the world to lead in the 21st century.
RT if you’re in for four more years: 
No matter who you supported in 2016, I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. You’re not just wanted — you’re needed.  Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than it was before. 
South Carolina is one of only five states without a hate crime law. But this week, @SteveBenjaminSC and the Columbia City Council stood up and declared that hatred and bigotry have no place in their city. 
Let’s get this show on the road: Tune in to  at 12:45pm ET for the first #Obama2012 campaign rally of the year.
.@KamalaHarris is going to stand with me in this campaign — and all of us are going to stand up for her.  Together, we're going to make history. 
For all the latest on #Obama2012’s work with vets and military families, follow @Vets4Obama, @BeauBiden, and @JoiningForces. #FF
VP Biden on the GOP: “Their policies put the middle class in a deep hole, which we’ve been helping them climb out of for the last 4 years.”
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is.  Let’s show them who we are.  We choose hope over fear. Unity over division. Science over fiction. And truth over lies.
Helplessly watching your child deal with a life or death condition is one of the worst things a parent can go through. Jill and I are so glad to hear Sadie is doing well, @Bakari_Sellers, and our prayers are with your family as she recovers. 
“President Obama understands that creating jobs here, keeping jobs here, bringing jobs back to America, that's the job of the President.”
The fact is, Iran is closer to a nuclear bomb today than it was when Donald Trump took office.  Every day he’s in charge of our national security is another day our enemies are emboldened and the American people are at risk. 
Immigrants have always made us stronger as a nation — our diversity has always been our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn’t get that. 
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s #DemDebate in LA. Follow along here and on @TeamJoe for updates throughout the night, and tune in to @PBS and @CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live!
We need a president who chooses unity over division. If we come together and unite this country, there’s nothing we can’t do.
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption. At every turn, he has abused the power of the presidency to benefit his bottom line and weaponized the Executive Branch to serve himself.  I’ll ensure our government works for the people—not just Donald Trump. 
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet. As President, not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement—I’ll lead an effort for every major emitting country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets.  
Joe Boardman led @Amtrak through difficult times, taking over during the worst economic crisis since the Depression, and starting a modernization that will help deliver the 21st century rail system America deserves. My thoughts are with his wife Joanne and their family.
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, and fairness—we've never fully lived up to them, but we've never stopped trying. During #BlackHistoryMonth and all year-round, let's celebrate the rich history and culture that's always been vital to the fabric of America. 
Tune in now as @fred_guttenberg hosts a town hall on gun violence with #StudentsForBiden, 21 years after the Columbine High School massacre: 
The numbers tell us a clear and convincing story: We're going to win this race.
VP Biden surprised a recent college grad with a phone call yesterday: 
I wish Donald Trump would just be quiet and let the experts do the talking when it comes to the coronavirus. 
The horrifying rise of antisemitism is tearing apart the fabric of our communities and the soul of this nation. We've got to stand together as a country and fight these flames of hatred.  My deepest sympathies are with the victims, their families, and the Jewish community. 
Return your ballot today, folks.  
Let's be clear, President Trump is trying to hijack this election.  This isn’t a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national issue. 
The fires ravaging the Amazon are devastating. The Amazon serves as the lungs of our planet and is home to an invaluable number of plants and animals found nowhere else on Earth. We must take global action to stop the destruction and support reforestation before it’s too late. 
A change of “tone” over a few days does not change the facts of the last four years.  Donald Trump fails the basic threshold test of being president: the duty to care about the entire country, not just his re-election prospects.
It’s time to get serious about getting out the vote. Find out how you can help:  
Folks, tomorrow night marks our first end-of-quarter deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal so we can catch up to Donald Trump's hefty cash-on-hand advantage.   I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today: 
Today the Supreme Court refused to stop politicians rigging our democracy by writing election rules for their own benefit. It couldn’t have happened without Justices put there by Donald Trump and Republicans — another reason why Democrats must take back the White House in 2020.
For all the hard-won progress, for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten — this fight is not over.  We have to come together to stand up to abuses of power, ensure that everyone is treated with dignity, and fight for full equality. 
We need a president who believes in science over fiction. As president, I will fight for rigorous fuel economy standards that protect our health, our environment, and our economy.
To Ashley, and all the health care workers on the front lines of this fight, thank you. You are American heroes. 
Next year the American people will decide who we are as a nation and, perhaps even more importantly, who we want to be. We are so much better than who President Donald Trump thinks we are. 
I believe protecting the ACA is the most important thing we can do. It covered 20 million Americans and protects over 100 million with pre-existing conditions. I want to hear how it helped you and your family. Click below to share your #MyACAStory: 
I believe the American people are ready for something better. This is our moment to prove hope is more powerful than fear, love is more powerful than hate, and light is more powerful than darkness.  Join us: 
Leadership is about never proclaiming power. It’s about collaboration, it’s about coming together in a crisis and finding common ground. It’s about results.    That’s who I am and the role I aspire to fulfill in guiding this democratic nation to better times.
Tonight, @DrBiden and I will be hosting "A Community of Pride" to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the world's first Pride march. Join us, @theebillyporter, @jvn, @catcora, and @K_JeanPierre at 7:30 PM ET:  
Our final fundraising deadline of 2019 is just hours away and we need your help. Every donation — big or small — goes a long way to helping us make Donald Trump a one-term president.  Chip in before midnight to help us reach our goal: 
Over 33 million Americans have filed unemployment claims since mid-March — one out of every five workers. It’s a national economic disaster that requires urgent action. We have to get help to everyone who needs it — efficiently, equitably, and immediately. 
Young Americans are especially worried about climate change and know it is not just a domestic priority — it's a foreign policy one. I agree. And I'm ready to tackle this on day one.  
Romney Economics means fewer teachers, fewer firefighters, and fewer police officers: 
Donald Trump has no strategy when it comes to Iran. No endgame. The only way out of his self-made crisis is through diplomacy — clear-eyed, hard-nosed diplomacy grounded in strategy, that's not about one-off decisions or one-upmanship. 
We have to champion liberty and democracy, reclaim our credibility, and look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. 
Venezuela’s election to the UN Human Rights Council is a travesty. Nicolás Maduro is a dictator, plain and simple. His regime’s human rights violations and extrajudicial killings have been documented by the UNHRC. 
The VP is committed to helping every eligible voter cast a ballot. Join him today:  #100Days 
I’m the proud husband of a teacher who inspires me every day. I’ve seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. Thank you to all the amazing teachers who've inspired and educated the future of our country. #TeacherAppreciationWeek 
Foreign election interference is not only a serious threat to our democratic institutions, it’s a threat to our national security. Russia and other authoritarian regimes are actively seeking to try to change outcomes of our democratic elections, and we can’t allow that to happen. 
The Russians don't want me to be president, and Trump doesn't want me to be the nominee. But they picked a fight with the wrong guy — I’m not going anywhere.  We will make Donald Trump a one-term president. 
Dr. Jill Biden encouraged graduates from @BrowardCollege to “lift up others” at their commencement last Friday: 
Donald Trump is running TV ads taking Dr. Fauci out of context and without his permission.  So, here’s a message from the President in his own words. 
Jill and I are looking forward to hearing from our amazing First Lady tonight—we think she's going to knock it out of the park. –Joe
The words of a president matter. And time and time again, Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence, stoke the flames of hatred and division, and drive us further apart.  It’s time for it to end.
Cheer on President Obama in Wednesday’s first debate at a supporter watch party in your neighborhood: 
26 years ago, I fought to get the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act passed — and established the background check system that has kept guns out of the hands of so many dangerous individuals.  I’ve taken on the @NRA and beaten them — twice. As president, I’ll do it again.
"I know the Senator said she's for Bernie. I'm for Barack."  #DemDebate 
On Romney: “He said 47% of the American people were ‘not willing to take responsibility for their own lives.’ Who does he think he is?”
We've made incredible progress on LGBTQ+ equality, but we still have further to go. We can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law—regardless of who they are or whom they love.  Join #OutForBiden and let's get to work:  
Today, I took @EricHolder's @demredistrict pledge to support #FairMaps. For too long, gerrymandering has allowed politicians to pick who they represent. That’s wrong. I’m committed to fair redistricting where elected officials are accountable to those they represent.
RT @OFA_NH: #Exeter gets ready for @JoeBiden’s #BuffettRule speech here tomorrow: 
We will overcome this — together.
“Instead of attacking folks who work for a living and pay their way, Romney should be respecting their hard work.”—VP Biden
One of President Trump's top advisors admitted that this administration "really let the country down" on testing.  He's right. It's long past time for Trump to step up and implement a national testing strategy so we can begin safely reopening the economy. 
Airline catering workers will feed thousands of people traveling to the Super Bowl, but can’t afford to feed their own families. I stand in solidarity with @unitehere_sofla. @AmericanAir needs to ensure @LSGSkyChefs pay their workers living wages. 
Missouri — today is the last day to request a mail-in ballot.  Head to  and request yours today.
If we stand together, we will rise stronger than before. A more equal, more just, more hopeful nation — closer to that more perfect union we must always strive to be.
Donald Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action necessary to contain it — and now in many states, COVID cases are on the rise again.  This president has failed to lead our nation. 
We’re not only going to have to win the White House but we have to bring along the United States Senate. We can’t do that with someone who labels themselves as a Democratic Socialist. #DemDebate
If you believe we need to bring empathy back to the White House chip in $5:  
Folks, it’s go time.  It’s time to restore the soul of this nation.  It’s time to stand up and take our democracy back.  It’s time to vote. 
President Obama: "We have made sure that millions of young people are able to get an education when they weren't able to before."
To everyone who has lost a loved one due to COVID-19: I know it's incredibly difficult right now, but there will come a time when their memory brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. It will take time, but that’s when you know you’re going to make it. 
55 years ago today, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law — bringing us one step closer to that more perfect union. As we mark its anniversary, we’ve got to continue our fight to restore the VRA and protect the sacred right to vote.
At the height of Michael Bloomberg’s Stop-and-Frisk program:  - 685,724 people were stopped - Nearly 80% were black or latino - Nearly 90% were innocent.  He defended it as recently as this year. Who does he think he’s fooling? #DemDebate 
25 days. Let’s win this thing.
Grief is a heavy burden to bear — and it's even harder with the eyes of the world watching. I know. But that burden is now a purpose — to change the world for the better in the name of George Floyd.  That's the message I shared with his loved ones during today's service: 
The coronavirus pandemic is like a war. And in a war, you do whatever is needed to be done to take care of your people. #DemDebate 
One of my favorite parts of being on the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. That's why I want to sit down and have dinner with you—and yes, we can have ice cream for dessert!  Chip in for your chance to win:  
I know what it takes to beat the @NRA because I’ve done it twice before. In the Senate, @SenFeinstein and I took on the gun lobby to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and helped pass the Brady background check bill.  As president, I’ll beat them once again. 
As we celebrate #WomensEqualityDay and the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment, we have got to renew our efforts to protect the sacred right to vote.  Every eligible American should be able to make their voice heard at the ballot box. Period.
As president, I’ll call for an unprecedented investment in our country’s infrastructure so the American middle class can compete and win in the global economy. Read my full plan here: 
With just three weeks until Election Day, I’m in Miramar, Florida, to encourage folks to make their plan to vote. Tune in — and then head to  to make your plan today. 
We have one year to determine the mark Donald Trump will leave on our country. There's too much at stake to take the next year for granted. We must work together to take back the White House, win the Senate, hold the House and elect Democrats down the ballot. #OneYearOneTeam
I’m looking forward to joining my friend @StephenAtHome on the @colbertlateshow tonight. Check out some of my favorite moments from the last time I was on his show — and then make sure to tune in to CBS at 11:35 PM ET. 
We’re just one day away from the most important election of our lifetimes — and we need your help to get voters to the polls.  Sign up to volunteer today: 
Last night, President Trump turned his constitutional obligation to inform Congress about the state of our union into an episode of reality television. It was a shameful display. #SOTU
These health care workers — and all those on the front lines of this fight — are American heroes. 
Donald Trump is the problem with our immigration policy. He's using family separation as a weapon against desperate people seeking safety and a better life.  We need to defeat Donald Trump. #DemDebate
Jill and I want to wish a very happy birthday to President Carter –– a patriot, a humanitarian, and a friend. Thank you for your tireless dedication to our country and to the world. 
The ACA was and is a big deal. It took a century of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done. We can’t start over.  I’ll fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it down—Republican or Democrat. 
New Hampshire really is God’s country. Thank you for a great evening, Croydon! 
We must take on the @NRA and get these weapons of war off our streets. 
If you can still vote early, then vote early today.  If you haven’t returned your absentee ballot yet, then return it today.  If you’re voting in-person tomorrow, then make your plan today.  Let’s end this — today.
Jill and I want to extend our best wishes to our friends in the Sikh community who are observing the 550th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji, the founder of Sikhism. 
By making post-secondary education and training affordable to and making sure the economy works not only for folks with a four-year degree but also for those who complete on-the-job training and trade programs, too.
VP Biden on Romney: “Guess what? He never did answer the question of whether or not women are entitled to equal pay for equal work.”
If John Bolton's accounts are true, it’s not only morally repugnant, it’s a violation of Donald Trump’s sacred duty to the American people to protect America’s interests and defend our values.
PHOTOS: With just eight days to go until early voting starts in Iowa, VP Biden found folks fired up and ready to go. 
Donald Trump and Stephen Miller have raised the standard of cruelty with their inhumane immigration policies. We have to get them out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Speed up the testing.
Barack &amp; Michelle: all of the Bidens send our love today on your 25th anniversary. May you have many more years of joy still to come.
Being an American means being treated equally under the law, no matter who you are or who you love 
“We don’t think it is a culture of dependency when a 27-year-old couple with a couple of kids gets a child care tax credit.”—VP Biden
America is more equal because of Chief Justice Mark Cady. His landmark decision brought marriage equality to Iowa and pushed our nation closer to our highest ideals. @DrBiden and I send our condolences to his loved ones. His integrity and commitment to justice will be missed. 
“My personal prayer for all of you is that in every succeeding year, you’re able to sing more than you weep.”—Vice President Biden
Once again, we are called to ask ourselves whether justice could be equally applied in America. But what's clear is that today in America, Black women deserve better.
“Barack and I cannot do this alone. We need you and it's always been that way.” 
Four years ago, a white supremacist walked into "Mother Emanuel" and gunned down nine brave souls, including my friend Clementa Pinckney. It's not enough to remember them. We have to fight for them. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation.
It's time we reward work, not just wealth. 
When I announced my campaign one year ago today, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation.  One year later, that is as true as it has ever been. I believe we can and we will emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. Together, as one America. 
Climate change is already here, and ignoring science won't make it go away. If we give the Trump Administration another four years, we'll lose irreplaceable time to combat it. 
VP Biden led the U.S. delegation to South Africa for the 2010 World Cup—get his take on the experience: 
Iowa caucus-goers take note. Joni Ernst just spilled the beans. She and Donald Trump are scared to death I’ll be the nominee. On Feb. 3rd, let’s make their day. 
There used to be a basic bargain in America—when your company did well, you shared in the prosperity. We must restore that bargain &amp; stand up to corporate profiteering.  I support @Teamsters25 as they strike against @RepublicService for a living wage, health care, and pensions.
On day one, I’ll get right to work tackling COVID-19. I'll bring together our nation's top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.  We are all in this together — and we've got to fight this together. 
We know in our bones this election is different. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.  We must make Trump a one-term president. 
In one year, we will give Trump a nickname of his own: Former President Donald Trump.
I know just how important Social Security is for countless Americans. That's why as president, I'll protect and strengthen it — not defund it.
"Health care is personal to me... there are people right now who are facing what I faced, without any of the help I had. We must move now." #DemDebate 
On the Romney-Ryan budget: “Their budget slashes 19 million people off Medicaid; turns Medicare into a voucher system; decimates education.”
A country is crying out for leadership. Leadership that can unite us, leadership that brings us together, leadership that can recognize the pain and deep grief of communities that have had a knee on their neck for a long time.
Our politics has become too small and petty. We’re better than this.
Medicare for All will cost *checks notes* 30x more than Joe Biden's plan to protect and build on Obamacare — and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families. #DemDebate 
Yesterday, on the eve of #HumanRightsDay, Trump again coddled a dictator—blocking a UN meeting on North Korean human rights, betraying our values. Trump continues to side with the brutal Kim Jong Un regime at the expense of American leadership, our allies, and our security. 
VP Biden in Ohio: “There are signs of life and hope in the heartland.” 
Don’t forget to RSVP for a debate watch party near you!  
I won't need any on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one. #DemDebate 
Hey folks, it’s @TeamJoe here! We’ll be taking over Joe’s account tonight to keep you updated on all things #DemDebate. Grab some ice cream and follow along! 
With the void of leadership in the White House, governors across the country have stepped up to meet this moment. This afternoon, I’ll be joined by a few of them for a roundtable discussion on COVID-19.   Tune in at 3:30 PM ET to watch:  
Time and time again, President Trump has refused to condemn white supremacy and stoked the flames of hate for political gain.  It’s a pattern — and America deserves better. 
We can’t let a special interest group dictate the safety of the rest of the country. That’s why defeating the NRA is a key element of our education policy we introduced last week.
We're fighting for the middle-class workers who make America great. Follow along as VP Biden is back in Ohio today. 
That’s all we have for tonight’s #DemDebate! Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on our campaign. 
54 years ago, President Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law. This landmark legislation changed the lives of millions by providing the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
This is simple. No candidate running for office should help foreign governments undermine our democracy. That includes the sitting President of the United States. Our elections should be decided by the American people — not Vladimir Putin.
VP Biden: “My guy, your guy, Barack Obama has character. He has the character of his convictions. He does not engage in deception.”
The President never "apologized" for America. Not once.  #RomneyWrong
Florida — la decisión de hoy de extender la fecha para inscribirse para votar es una victoria para nuestra democracia. Si no te has registrado, visita  antes de las 7 PM ET e inscríbete.  Esta elección es demasiado importante para no participar.
We can meet the challenge of COVID-19 and turn the corner on this pandemic. We just need a president and vice president ready and willing to lead. 
Pitch in $5 to the President and Vice President who are working to strengthen the middle class every day: 
Another shooting. Another night in America where a father, a wife, a friend, a neighbor won’t be coming home. We can’t accept this. It must end. Congress must act. Our hearts are with the #CapitalGazette
I'm incredibly honored to have the support of @latinovictoryus. Latinos are the future. They must have a voice — and as president, I will do all in my power to amplify that voice. 
I’ve learned that the way you deal with loss is by finding purpose — purpose in what you do. #DemDebate 
When I was making my decision, I knew I needed someone who’s ready to help lead the nation on day one.  @KamalaHarris is that person. 
Let’s make sure the next 4 years are about giving the middle class a shot. Please get out and vote today—and bring a friend. –Joe
“It’s the most cynical play I’ve seen.”—VP Biden on Romney’s fictitious auto industry ad: 
So this week, we’re working through what ours will be. There are a few I know: compassion, kindness, humility, gratitude, and joy. But I want your help. Our supporters have been here from the start—and I want to know: what should be in our campaign’s code? 
Couldn’t have said it better than Chief Acevedo: “You’re either here for women and children and our daughters and our sisters and our aunts or you’re here for the NRA.” 
Dr. Biden in MN: “I’m also a military mom. Our son Beau served in Iraq for a year with the Delaware Army National Guard.”
This is inexcusable. 
President Obama and I left a playbook for President Trump on how to fight pandemics. He flat-out ignored it. And we're all paying the price every day.
Wear a mask. 
The VP teamed up with Daniel Craig, @DuleHill, @sethmeyers, and others to combat sexual assault. Watch →  #1is2Many
VP Biden talked to the @YWCAUSA today about the importance of reauthorizing the #VAWA: 
“We made the G-20 a new forum for international economic coordination, recognizing the reality of the 21st century.”—Vice President Biden
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States. His erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our standing in the world and make us all less safe. 
“I’ve got news for Governor Romney and Congressman Ryan: America and Americans are neither dependent nor are we in decline.”—VP Biden
Today I’m announcing the launch of the Biden Forum, a new space for conversations about America’s future:  
Can’t make it to Philadelphia for our kickoff rally on Saturday, May 18th? Visit  to attend a watch party in your community. #BidenForPresident
We are at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics — or we can take the next great step forward as a nation.  It won’t be easy. But we can do it, together. 
We need a president who respects our troops — and who will restore honor and integrity to the Oval Office. 
Donald Trump needs to do his job.
I’m a union guy and always have been. I stand with @UFCW — and as president, I’ll invest in American workers.  We need to protect good American jobs and make sure our economy works for all Americans. 
Most Americans don't want the false promise of a revolution — they want results. 
New OFA video: Mitt Romney's "unshakable" record. 
Our world has been set on edge by an erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent commander in chief. The stakes could not be higher. Every day that Donald Trump directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States and the world. 
We cannot go on denying the devastating effects of climate change — we must choose science over fiction. As president, I will address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing the climate emergency.  
I'm ready on day one. After more than three years in office, why isn't Donald Trump ready? 
"If we come together, there's nothing, nothing that can stop us." -VP Biden with @timkaine
Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos are the worst possible people to lead our nation’s schools through this pandemic.
We’re relying on the support of grassroots donors across the country to power this campaign — not corporate PACs or lobbyists. Will you chip in before tonight’s end-of-quarter deadline? 
Deberíamos dedicar las mentes más brillantes de Estados Unidos a resolver la epidemia de violencia armada. Estos fondos para la investigación sobre las causas y la prevención de la violencia armada debieron haberse otorgado hace mucho tiempo. 
Health care workers are selflessly risking their lives every day on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 — and hundreds have paid the ultimate price.  They are American heroes — and we cannot forget the sacrifices they made to care for us all. 
We have to ensure every worker called back on the job has access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing and effective personal protective equipment. 
Watch live: The Vice President speaks at the International Association of Fire Fighters Convention in Philadelphia. 
American factory workers, farmers, and consumers are the ones paying the price for President Trump’s reckless trade wars—not China. To Trump, the people getting hurt—like those laid off last week in South Carolina—are just pawns in his political games. 
It takes courage to speak out against sexual assault, or to step in to stop it from happening.   If you know someone who has stepped up to the front lines of this fight, I want to hear about it.  Nominate them today, because #ItsOnUs to change the culture: 
Folks, I hope I’m making you proud during tonight’s town hall.  If you’re with us, please chip in to help power our campaign over these final 19 days. 
I’ve sat there and looked in the eyes of parents who lost their kids to gun violence. They want to be able to sue these gun manufacturers. We should let them. 
The 200,000 people we've lost to COVID-19 weren't nobodies, Mr. President.  They were our parents and grandparents, sons and daughters, friends and co-workers.  They were Americans. 
Folks, I sat down with my friend President @BarackObama to discuss the significant moment we're in, who we are as a nation, and how we can build back better.   Watch our full conversation: 
Get the facts about Romney-Ryan and RT to spread the word: 
Ann Arbor - I’m terribly sorry I won’t get to see you this evening, but we want to make sure everyone can safely make it to #AmericanPromiseTour. Be safe in the snow. I’m looking forward to seeing you on February 5th.
If I have the honor of being elected president, I will take care of your family like I would my own. 
It was great meeting so many folks today at Tamales Liliana in Los Angeles. Thank you @HildaSolis for having lunch with me! 
We can’t let 2016 repeat itself. There’s simply too much on the line for anyone to sit this election out.  Get registered to vote today:   #NationalVoterRegistrationDay 
.@DrBiden is visiting South Carolina tomorrow, and I’m excited for the folks of Summerville to have the opportunity to meet her! Head to  to RSVP.
If you live in Hawaii, Utah, or Wisconsin, in-person early voting is now underway.  Millions of Americans across the country have already voted. Join them and cast your ballot today. 
Time and again, the president has refused to provide Puerto Rico with much-needed resources. He’s repeatedly insulted Puerto Ricans and this latest action is another example of his disrespect for the island.   This ends when I’m elected president. 
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class. But for too many, earning a credential or degree after high school comes with a mountain of debt or is out of reach altogether.  Today, I’m releasing my plan to change that: 
I'm about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live: 
“The American people didn’t give up, they got up.”—VP Biden on the road to November 6th: 
In the time I have known him, John Brennan has never been afraid to speak up and give it to you straight. Revoking his security clearance is an act unbecoming of a President. If you think it will silence John, then you just don't know the man.
This is what “America First” looks like under President Trump: 
It’s Caucus Day, Nevada! It’s time for the West to make its voice heard. Head to  to confirm your caucus location and make a plan to be there by 11:00 AM PT. Let’s win this! 
President @BarackObama turns 51 tomorrow—join the First Lady and sign his birthday card: 
We need policies that allow Black Americans to create wealth. And we need policies that will let them pass it down from generation to generation. 
More jobs were created in the final three years of the Obama-Biden Administration than in the first three years of Donald Trump’s presidency.   A million and a half more jobs. 
VP: “The President &amp; I have a fundamentally different vision than Gov. Romney &amp; Congressman Ryan, and a different value set that guides us.”
We cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump. 
In times of crisis, a president should calm and heal, lead the way with a steady hand, and provide a beacon of hope for the American people.  Donald Trump is incapable of doing that. 
We have to be against his policies that are further entrenching economic inequality in this nation. That are rigging the system against the middle class.  That too is an attack on our democracy, on our liberty.
From day one, Donald Trump has been determined to roll back every environmental protection he could get his hands on.  At a time when the climate crisis is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections — not weaken them. 
Our campaign is built on restoring the American idea, that all men and women are created equal. That’s why we’re basing our campaign in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- the birthplace of this great experiment, American democracy. 
“In spite of Gov. Romney’s pleas, we still went out and rescued the automobile industry.  We saved a million jobs.”—VP Biden in Virginia
1 day. Let’s win this thing.
So much of what’s tearing this country apart can be fixed if we treat each other with basic dignity and respect once again. That starts with having a president who leads by example. 
Now more than ever, we have to choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
Obamacare protects over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions — including Joe and Michelle’s son Matt. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on it. 
“You’re the reason why the automobile industry is back.”—VP Biden at an AFL-CIO labor rally in Detroit yesterday
Ended my trip to Nevada by participating in a @nvdems Local Brews and National Views. Thank you to all who attended, it was a pleasure spending time with you! 
My plan recognizes how much rural communities contribute to this nation and how much they’ve been hurt by this president’s damaging policies. We are going to build a pathway to the middle class for rural Americans, in rural America.
Watch Gloria’s story—it’s powerful stuff: 
There is a real human toll to President Trump's failed leadership.  We can't forget that. 
On the debate: “You saw the man I have sat with every day: a man of principle and gumption, a man with a steady hand and a clear vision.”
Checks &amp; balances? Chair of cmte investigating WH can't share info w/ WH. McCain is right: Need select committee!
For your family, for your neighbors, for your country — wear a mask.
To win the battle for the soul of this nation, we need everyone to step up and make their voice heard. If you live in South Carolina, confirm your polling place by heading to  grab your photo ID, and get out and vote today. 
This crisis presents an opportunity to not just rebuild our economy — but transform it. @AndrewYang joined me to discuss how we can do that and create a stronger, fairer, more inclusive middle class.  Listen to the full episode:  
It's good to be home. Hope to see you, @UDelaware, on The Green today at noon! #BidenInstitute #BlueHens #BidenIsBack
"Trevor &amp; Chopper represent the very best in our military." -The VP in the latest #BeingBiden  
Thank you, Missouri! 
When I’m speaking to foreign leaders, I’m telling them: America is going to be back. We’re going to be back in the game.
Because of the courage and determination of folks like @GabbyGiffords and groups like @AMarch4OurLives, the fight for gun safety reform has gone from a cause to a movement.  We will end our gun violence epidemic — together. #2020GunSafety 
The nurses on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe, emergency paid sick leave, and premium pay. #NationalNursesDay
1. Make sure you know how to vote today:  2. Get on the phone and make sure others do, too:  
Whether it’s your first time voting or you’re an old pro, voting is better with friends and family. So message a few folks and make your plan to vote together today.   
It didn’t have to be this bad — and as @MichelleObama said, “Our commander in chief, sadly, has been missing in action.”  It’s unforgivable. 
We choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division. #TeamJoe 
When domestic abusers have easy access to guns, the result can be fatal. Gov. Sununu should work with the NH legislature to keep guns out of the hands of abusers.   I wrote &amp; passed the Violence Against Women Act. I’ve taken on the NRA twice — and as president, I’ll do it again.
New Hampshire, we’re heading to Manchester tomorrow and we’d love to see you there! Head to  to RSVP.
Fear never builds the future — hope does. 
200,000 Americans have died from this virus.  It’s a staggering number that’s hard to wrap your head around. But behind every COVID-19 death is a family and community that will never again be the same.  There’s a devastating human toll to this pandemic — and we can’t forget that.
I believe in science.  Donald Trump doesn't.  It's that simple, folks.
Unlike Donald Trump, I'll listen to the experts and heed their advice — especially when it comes to matters of health and safety.  You should expect nothing less from your president. 
Here’s my promise to you: If I’m elected president, I will always choose to unite rather than divide.   I’ll take responsibility instead of blaming others.   I’ll never forget that the job isn’t about me — it’s about you.
Let me make something clear to President Trump: I’m not going anywhere.  You’re not going to destroy me. And you’re not going to destroy my family. I don’t care how dirty the attacks get.
No army on earth can match how the electric idea of liberty passes freely from person to person, jumps borders, transcends languages and cultures—how it can supercharge communities of ordinary citizens into activists and organizers and change agents.
The world is laughing at President Trump. They see him for what he really is: dangerously incompetent and incapable of world leadership.  We cannot give him four more years as commander in chief. 
We’re kicking off this campaign on May 18th—and we need #TeamJoe’s help. Sign up to host a house party to tune in with your friends and family:  
Donald Trump said he didn't want to tell the truth and create a panic. So he did nothing and created a disaster.
I want Donald Trump to look the American people in the eye and explain why their hard-earned dollars are bailing out his wealthy donors. 
Assault weapons don’t belong in our communities. Period. As president, I’ll ban these military-style weapons and institute a buyback program that gets as many as possible off our streets. 
Los Dreamers son estadounidenses y ya es hora de que sea oficial.
Wheels down in Lexington, Kentucky: 
Today is the anniversary of China's brutal crackdown in Tiananmen Square. Authorities tried to stop peaceful calls for political change with rifles &amp; tanks. The courage of the Tiananmen generation hasn't been silenced &amp; still inspires the fight for freedom and justice worldwide.
We are trapped in a caregiving crisis, within an economic crisis, within a public health crisis. You’re doing everything you can, but this president is not.  If I’m your president, here’s what I would do: 
Today, I'm proud the campaign is launching Women for Biden. There's so much at stake in this election — and so much more work to do in the fight for women's health care, paychecks, safety, and families:  
Great to be with @PennBiden in Athens. A Europe whole, free, &amp; at peace remains vital to U.S. security–as it has been for the past 7 decades
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ+ equality, we're not done — not nearly. That's why I just released my plan to advance LGBTQ+ equality in America and around the world:  
I’ve witnessed the heroism of firefighters firsthand — selflessly rushing into danger to help others. They represent the best of our country. @DrBiden and I send our condolences to the loved ones of Worcester Fire Lt. Jason Menard for their loss. 
Wall Street didn't build this country — the middle class did. And unions built the middle class.  Donald Trump doesn't understand that. We need a president who does.
America has never lived up to our promise of equality for all, but we've never stopped trying. Virginia brought us closer to that highest ideal today by ratifying the long overdue #ERA.  Women's rights should be explicitly in our Constitution—not left to the whims of legislators. 
The pay gap that Native women face — due to both their gender and the color of their skin — is unacceptable. We must right these wrongs and close the gender pay gap once and for all. #NativeWomensEqualPay
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. We need a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school educator.
I am proud to stand with @NationalNurses in calling for a strong OSHA standard for RNs and other frontline health care workers and full utilization of the Defense Production Act to mass produce personal protective equipment. 
This simply shouldn’t happen in America. Folks deserve access to affordable, quality long-term care in their homes.   We have to fight for Alex and those who use long-term care. 
At least 37 transgender and gender-nonconforming people have been killed this year, most of them Black and Brown transgender women. It’s intolerable. This Transgender Day of Remembrance, we honor their lives—and recommit to the work that remains to end this epidemic of violence.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And at the historic 16th Street Baptist church, there’s no more powerful reminder of what’s at stake. And no more poignant example of what is demanded of us in response. 
Chip in to help us take this train all the way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave:  
After last night, we are one step closer to restoring decency, dignity, and honor to the White House.
We need a president who listens to someone other than himself.
Don't miss VP Biden on @parksandrecnbc tonight at 9:30pm ET. 
Earlier today, I made some comments about diversity in the African American and Latino communities that I want to clarify. In no way did I mean to suggest the African American community is a monolith—not by identity, not on issues, not at all.
Get real, Bernie. The only person who's going to cut Social Security if he's elected is Donald Trump. Maybe you should spend your time attacking him. 
President Obama asked me to oversee the Recovery Act, which saved our economy from a depression. I secured the 3 Republicans we needed to vote for it—and ran the program with almost no waste. We didn’t inherit a growing economy—we worked for it. That's what I'll do as President. 
We need to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along.  We have to make sure every single person gets a fair shot at success.
The Trump Administration knew how deadly this virus was back in February.  But they didn't tell you or your family. Instead, they gave a heads up to their friends on Wall Street so investors could make a profit before the recession hit.  They hid the truth. It's unforgivable.
I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: No one is expendable. No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need.
Wisconsin — today is your last day to register to vote online or by mail. Apply online by 11:59 PM or make sure your mail application is postmarked by today.   Don’t let history repeat itself.  Head to  to register now. 
Across the country, there are incredible stories of folks stepping up to help their neighbors, stories like this one. It's who we are as Americans. Brave and big-hearted. Always willing to lend a hand and care for those in need.  We will overcome this, together. 
Happy 227th, Delaware! On this day in 1787 it became the #firststate. 
Experience matters. The White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be prepared to clean up Donald Trump’s mess on day one.
“Our focus on the middle class is a reflection on the fundamental economic story of the journey of the history of this country.”—VP Biden
We need a president who understands hardworking Americans — not one who looks down on them.
This is not how an American president should act. 
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country work: I see you, and I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of America. 
After the most corrupt administration in modern American history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. We must root out corruption and ensure our government works for the people — not the powerful. 
We have the power to write the future we want for our country. Don't let anyone tell you differently.
People from across the nation are (virtually) coming together for the start of the #DemConvention. Tune in at 9PM ET. 
So much of this could have been prevented if we had a president who listened to someone other than himself.
As Vice President, Joe Biden worked with the leaders of the Northern Triangle (Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras) to institute reforms tackling corruption, violence, and economic inequality in their countries, reducing migration to the U.S.  #DemDebate
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future — and we are running out of time to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and rally the world to meet the urgency of this moment. 
Jim Clyburn is a voice of powerful moral clarity that is heard loud and clear across this country — in our capital and beyond. He reminds us why we’re in public service in the first place — and I’m proud to have his support. 
I'm in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, to thank some of our incredible volunteers for all their hard work. Tune in — and then sign up to help:  
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics — or we can take the next great step forward. 
Donald Trump and I have pretty different philosophies when it comes to giving our word.   Mine means something.   When I tell the American people I’m going to do something — I follow through. 
In 2005, I voted to allow Americans to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the death and terror they've caused in our country.   Bernie Sanders voted to let them off the hook. 
75 years ago on #VEDay, America and its allies defeated fascism in Europe. From the devastation of war, we built a lasting peace. Today, as we honor the veterans who sacrificed for us, let us remember the importance of uniting against common threats.
.@AndrewYang is one of the brightest minds there is when it comes to the challenges we face in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. I'm honored to have his endorsement — and look forward to working with him to ensure every worker can succeed in the changing 21st-century economy.
More cops have died from COVID this year than have been killed on patrol.  Nearly one in six small businesses in this country are closed.  Do you really feel safer under Trump?
America was an idea. We've never lived up to it but we've never walked away from it before.   
The best path forward on health care is to protect and build on Obamacare — not tear it down and start over. #DemDebate 
On Saturday, we officially kicked off our campaign in Philadelphia — the city that brought our nation together over 200 years ago. I’m running for president to unite our country, because when we come together and act as one America there’s nothing we can’t accomplish. 
That’s all we have for tonight’s CNN #ClimateTownHall! Make sure to follow @TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
We’ve got to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class. That starts by strengthening public and private sector unions — because all workers should be empowered to bargain for what they deserve.    Read my full plan: 
We have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to lead—not just with the example of our power, but the power of our example.  To that end, as president, I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our government. 
.@DrBiden and I are keeping all those affected by the wildfires in California in our prayers. Please heed the warnings from local officials and stay safe. 
Leonard and Dody Boswell lived their lives in service to the people of Iowa, and for the last 63 of those years, in loving dedication to each other. We remember both of them today as they are laid to rest. 
"Folks, there's only 14 days left until Election Day....go vote!" -VP Biden 
As this public health crisis rages, with the economy in peril, and with front line workers putting their lives at risk — Trump and Republican Attorneys-General are attempting to strip health insurance away from millions.  No more games. Drop this lawsuit. Save lives. 
A warm Colorado welcome for VP Biden: 
Donald Trump’s ego will cost lives. 
You determine the outcome of this election — not Donald Trump.  Vote: 
Brian — the courage and strength you've shown in the face of daunting odds is an inspiration to us all. I'm confident that with folks like you leading the way and with the power of our best minds, we'll find treatments and cures and beat this thing once and for all. 
Tune in as I speak to the nation live from Wilmington, Delaware. 
Empathy matters. Compassion matters. We have to reach out to one another and heal this country — and that’s what I’ll do as president. 
As we move into the New Year, there's one thing I know: in 2020 we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.
We are fired up and ready for Joe to take the stage at tonight’s #DemDebate! 
VP national security speech week: In December, the VP marked the end of combat operations in Iraq. 
Tune in for the final presidential debate on foreign policy tonight: Live coverage kicks off at 9pm ET. 
Congratulations to our @TeamJoe #DemDebate contest winner—Kellie from North Carolina!  Can’t wait to see you at the debate in Detroit on July 31st, Kel! 
Tonight, @HillaryClinton proved she is ready to be President — and Donald Trump proved he is not. #debatenight 
On this International Stuttering Awareness Day, I want everyone to remember that the barriers you face don't define who you are. They didn't for me –– as a young boy who stuttered –– and they certainly don't for Brayden.  What defines you is your heart and your courage. 
The Vice President is speaking about the #BuffettRule in Exeter, New Hampshire at 12:15pm ET—tune in here: 
One-on-one in Boca Raton, FL: 
I wouldn’t meet with Kim Jong Un without pre-conditions. By meeting with him, Donald Trump gave Kim Jong Un what he was looking for: legitimacy. I will work closely with our allies and hold China accountable for its lack of pressure on the Kim regime’s bad behavior. #DemDebate
Philadelphia's office cleaners work hard every day to keep the city's buildings clean. They deserve the dignity that comes with a living wage, access to health care, and a secure retirement. I stand with @32BJSEIU cleaners in their fight for a fair contract. #BuildingJustice
Jill and I are praying for the safety of everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma this weekend. Stay strong - the country stands with you.
Congrats to Ambassador Andy Young, a dear friend and inspiration, on 85 years. Wish I could be in Atlanta tonight for AJY Leadership Awards.
VP Biden on how you can join millions of Americans who have quality health care thanks to the Affordable Care Act: 
Florida — I'm counting on you to vote and help us win the battle for the soul of this nation. Ballots are being sent out today across the state — head to  to request yours.
We have to take on the @NRA and pass real reform to end our gun violence epidemic. That starts with universal background checks, a ban on assault weapons, and holding gun manufacturers accountable.  I've beaten the gun lobby twice — and I'll do it again as president.
Donald Trump wants to talk about corruption? That’s rich coming from the most corrupt president in modern history.  Tell Trump to release his taxes or shut up about corruption:  
I’m about to take the stage with Senator @AmyKlobuchar in Dallas, Texas, ahead of Super Tuesday. Tune in to watch live: 
“The President’s job is not to sow confusion. It’s to plant the seeds of confidence.”—VP Biden in Florida
When Champ and Major go to the vet, I want them to get the best care, and for their caretakers to be paid a fair wage. @marspetcareUS are standing in the way of unionization efforts at @VCAPetHealth and @bluepearlvet. Vet techs deserve a voice in the workplace.
Stopped by @UDelaware and @Penn today for #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. You have the power to change the course of this country, but you have to get engaged. Register now. And show up to vote this fall. 
With rent due in a few days and folks across the country worried they won't be able to make their payments, it's clear more needs to be done to provide relief. We need to freeze rent immediately for people who have lost their jobs and place a temporary ban on evictions.
My thoughts and prayers are with Mustafa Kassem's family at this difficult time. His death, after six years in an Egyptian jail, is an outrage. Americans unjustly detained anywhere in the world deserve our government’s full support and relentless efforts to secure their release. 
RT @TruthTeam2012: If you agree with @JoeBiden on what being in the middle class means, RT this: 
I'm running as a proud Democrat, but I'm going to be an American president.   I'm going to take care of those who voted against me as well as those who voted for me.   That's what presidents do.
Kansas –– you can advance vote in many counties starting today. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot in this election.
Join me in Pittsburgh tomorrow for a discussion on my plan to build a middle class where everyone comes along. RSVP to let me know you’ll be there: 
We are not prepared for a pandemic. Trump has rolled back progress President Obama and I made to strengthen global health security. We need leadership that builds public trust, focuses on real threats, and mobilizes the world to stop outbreaks before they reach our shores. 
President Trump’s ICE raids are inhumane. His scare tactics solve nothing. We shouldn't be terrorizing communities and splitting up families. We should provide a pathway to citizenship and find a lasting solution.
VP: "Look at my record—it’s been all about the middle class. They’re the people who grow this country." #TeamJoe
If I’m elected president, I won’t waste a minute getting this virus under control. Here’s how I’ll do it: 
Today’s the day, New Hampshire! Confirm your polling location at  and make sure to get out and vote. 
At our best, America has always been generous, kind, and optimistic. We treat each other with dignity, give hate no safe harbor, and leave no one behind.  I believe we can be that nation once again.
Last night, folks from across the country came together to show how much stronger we are when we stand united.  Looking forward to tonight where we'll talk about why leadership matters, and hear from my favorite #DemConvention speaker, @DrBiden. 
With just one week until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to bring us across the finish line. Every door knocked, phone call made, or dollar chipped in goes a long way in this homestretch. Head to  to get involved. 
Meeting the threat of climate change presents a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to jolt new life into our economy. We're going to create millions of high-quality, union jobs by building a modern infrastructure and a clean energy future. 
Enough of the lies.  Vote him out:  
Proud to have Pete on the trail with me today. Our number one priority is to beat Donald Trump and bring unity back to our party. Together we're gonna make it happen.  Welcome to the team, @PeteButtigieg! Watch live: 
VP Biden spoke at @LafCol in Pennsylvania last night—the same school his great-grandfather attended: 
We have always been able to take crises and turn them into opportunities — and we have the chance to do that once again. If we match our ambitions to the scale of the challenges we face, we can and will transform our country for generations to come.
The American people are incredible. Across the country, folks are pulling together, helping one another, and doing what needs to be done to stop the spread. I'm so darn proud to be an American. 
America is back.
If you're a teacher or a firefighter, you're probably paying more in taxes than Amazon or Netflix. We've got to make sure corporations pay their fair share.
You’re going to make us all proud, Danica. 
Corporations should not value their profits over the health and safety of their employees. As president, I will significantly increase the number of inspectors within the pork and beef industries to ensure every individual has safe working conditions. 
We’ve got to choose science over fantasy — and that starts with getting rid of this administration. 
Wear a mask.
Donald Trump brought us dangerously close to starting a new war with Iran without any semblance of a plan.  This moment requires a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces and repair the damage Trump has caused. 
Three years ago today, Las Vegas was struck by tragedy when a gunman opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival. It remains the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.  As we remember those we lost, we must take action to ensure it never happens again.
Back in January, when President Trump signed his hollow "phase one" trade deal with Beijing, I made clear that no one should be fooled by Trump's empty promises to deliver a meaningful “phase two" deal.  Good to see that he's finally admitting I was right. 
I’m running as a proud Democrat, but I will govern as an American president.  I will work with Democrats and Republicans, and I’ll work as hard for those who don’t support me as for those who do.  Because that’s the job of a president.
Today, we remember the atrocities faced by the Armenian people in the Metz Yeghern — the Armenian Genocide. If elected, I pledge to support a resolution recognizing the Armenian Genocide and will make universal human rights a top priority. 
“Romney getting tough on China, I got one word for it: Malarkey! It’s absolute malarkey.”—VP Biden in Beloit, WI
Jill and I had the pleasure of hosting a town hall with family vloggers ItsJudysLife, The Curly Coopers, and JHouse Vlogs where we answered their questions about the COVID-19 outbreak.  Tune in to the premiere on Sunday at 7PM ET:  
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild a more inclusive middle class, and unite all Americans.  If you’re with me, let me know by chipping in to our campaign today: 
We're launching Catholics for Obama today—join us here:  
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: “They don’t tell you what they are for anymore. And they deliberately misrepresent what they say we are for.”
Los comentarios del gobernador @RicardoRossello son vergonzosos. El lenguaje de odio no debe ser protegido, independientemente del título político. El pueblo de #PuertoRico será escuchado y decidirán quién va a dirigir su gobierno.
Our president has failed in his most basic duty to this nation: to protect us.  It’s unforgivable.
Does anyone believe there will be less violence in America if Donald Trump is reelected?
The Romney campaign offered “few specifics” about what Romney would do differently from President Obama on Syria: 
As Ramadan draws to an end, @DrBiden and I want to wish a safe and warm celebration to our Muslim friends and neighbors. Even though we can't be all together to celebrate, we hope it is filled with joy, family, and success for the year to come. #EidMubarak
Let's turn Texas blue.   
We need a president who chooses compassion over cruelty.
Say thank you to the people who build our roads and bridges. Keep our water systems working. Teach our kids and take care of the sick among us. Race into our burning buildings. Grow our food, build our cars, and pick up the garbage off our streets.
I’m delivering remarks from Grand Rapids, Michigan. Tune in. 
We are made in the image of God, and then there is John Lewis. He was truly one-of-a-kind, a moral compass who always knew where to point us and which direction to march. To John’s family, friends, staff, and constituents, Jill and I send you our love and prayers.
VP on Afghanistan: "We will leave in 2014."
When we say Merry Christmas from the entire Biden family, that means even the dogs. 
Here’s the deal: I will oppose every effort by Republicans, Democrats, &amp; anyone else seeking to tear down Obamacare. It is imperative that we build upon the progress we've made by protecting the Affordable Care Act. Read my plan at   
It is with great honor and humility that I accept this nomination for President of the United States of America.
Vermont — you don't have to wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot, you can early vote now! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard in the primary. 
Iowa, I'm headed to town this week! Let me know you'll join us by RSVPing at  
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can’t stand by and let that happen. 
It’s past time we ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We must get these weapons of war out of our communities. 
I’m looking forward to taking the stage in Houston on September 12th for the next Democratic debate!   Folks across the country are coming together and hosting parties in their communities to watch the debate. Sign up to host one in your town: 
There is an assault on abortion access, and today it has reached the Supreme Court. It's time for our leaders to stand up for women's rights. 
The Russian Facebook trolls are back — and this time, they're going after my campaign. We cannot let 2016 repeat itself.  Chip in $5 to our rapid response fund to help us fight back against their lies and foreign interference in our elections:  
We’re gathering #TeamJoe in Detroit on July 30th and 31st to show the power of our grassroots movement at the second debate. I hope to see you there! RSVP at  
36,000 Americans could be alive today if President Trump had acted sooner. Let's put that into perspective: 
President Trump’s comments this week were despicable. 
If you want a Democratic nominee who can:  - Beat Donald Trump - Keep Nancy Pelosi as Speaker and hold the House - Take the US Senate and state legislatures  Then this is your campaign.
For once, Donald Trump is correct: I will listen to scientists. 
We know in our bones this election is different. We have a president who promotes hate and division. Encourages white supremacists. Embraces dictators. And damages our alliances internationally.  Our politics traffics in division. And our president is the divider in chief.
Republicans blocked bills, shut down the government, and voted to sue the President. Replace them with @TheDemocrats: 
VP Biden on Mitt Romney's double standard: 
Steve Scalise’s strength and resilience  inspire all of us. Good to see you back on the job, Steve.
RT if you agree with VP Biden: 
 
These tragedies aren’t inevitable. Don’t let hopelessness win today. We must persist in our efforts to prevent gun violence.
Cokie Roberts was a pioneer. Relentless in her pursuit of the truth and steadfast in her commitment to breaking down barriers for women in journalism—our country is better because of it. @DrBiden and I send our prayers to her loved ones at this time. 
Cory — Your leadership has given hope to so many and has inspired our nation to rise to meet the challenges of today. I'm incredibly grateful for your endorsement — and I look forward to working alongside you to unite the country and defeat Donald Trump. 
I will be speaking more about the events in Minnesota later today.
As president, Joe Biden will repeal Trump’s tax cuts for corporations and the super-wealthy, and build a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth. #DemDebate
Our country may seem more divided than ever, but I know our best days are still ahead. It’s time we lift our heads up and remember who we are. If you’re ready to get to work, join our campaign today. 
No surprise, Donald Trump is lying about my tax plan. Here’s the truth about how I’ll make corporations pay their fair share while ensuring Americans making under $400,000 don’t pay a penny more. 
This morning, little girls woke up across this nation — especially Black and Brown girls who so often may feel overlooked and undervalued in our society — potentially seeing themselves in a new way: As the stuff of Presidents and Vice Presidents.
I'm incredibly honored to have the endorsement of Tom and Christie Vilsack. I know with their support, we can win the Iowa caucus, earn the nomination, and beat Donald Trump next November. 
Climate change is an urgent threat to our environment, health, economy, and national security. There’s no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day one — and that’s Joe Biden. #ClimateTownHall
America’s strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. Immigrants have always made us stronger. Donald Trump doesn’t get that.
It’s in some of our darkest moments of despair that we’ve made some of our greatest progress. If we stand together, as one America, we'll rise stronger than before. 
There’s enormous opportunity once we defeat Donald Trump. We are going to build our health care system, our economy, and our country back better than they've ever been before.
As polls begin to close in certain parts of the country, remember to stay in line.   If you’re in line at your polling place before it closes, you’re able to vote. 
To LGBTQ people suffering persecution anywhere: the American people are on your side. And as president, I will ensure the U.S. leads the world to defend human rights for all.
Jill and I send our thoughts and prayers for the safety of Tennesseans affected by the tornado. Stay safe out there — and if you're voting today, be sure to follow @tndp for updates. 
Drug corporations are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals.  Under a Biden administration, we’ll put a stop to runaway drug pricing so every American has the peace of mind that they can afford their medication. 
No one in America should work full time and live below the poverty line. It’s past time we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and provide a reliable pathway to the middle class. 
"Let's make history tomorrow. Let's send a signal to the rest of the world that America is still the brightest beacon of hope." -VP Biden
RT @VP: Check out our new PSA on dating violence, featuring the President, VP, &amp; sports leaders because #1is2many -- 
♥ 
The U.S. has a responsibility to extend Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans fleeing desperate circumstances—violence, oppression, starvation. The House passed a bipartisan bill to take action, now @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell must bring it up for a vote. #TPS4VZ
President Obama’s student loan reform freed up more than $60 billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. #progress
Livestream coverage of tonight’s debate kicks off at 9pm ET—with a special message from the VP following the debate: 
Go get 'em, @KamalaHarris. 
Tonight, the whole world is watching America. I believe at our best America is a beacon for the globe.  And we lead not by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.
Folks, you heard @BarackObama: Make a plan, vote early, and make sure your friends and family do as well.   
Climate change requires drastic action.  Joe Biden has a comprehensive plan to tackle our climate emergency and environmental injustices head on:   #DemDebate 
Joe helped make government work before, and he’ll make it work again. #TeamJoe 
There’s a big difference between sending tens of thousands of American combat troops to the Middle East indefinitely – which I oppose and will end – and using small teams of special forces to support local forces doing the fighting to advance our common security. #DemDebate
The scenes of death and destruction from Hiroshima and Nagasaki still horrify us 75 years later. They reach through history to remind us of the hideous damage nuclear weapons can inflict—and our collective responsibility to ensure they're never again used. 
People need help now. Not four years from now. Not eight years from now. We need a health care plan that can pass. #DemDebate
In full view of the American people, Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed this nation. He must be impeached. 
Every day Donald Trump proves how unfit he is to lead our nation. 
Written off by Romney: “9 million children, young adults from working-class families, who are in college because of Pell Grants.”
Today, we remember Pearl Harbor and those we lost — like Seaman Roy Powers and Seaman Jimmy Palides who we honored today in Oelwein, Iowa.  It’s an opportunity to reflect on all our veterans’ sacrifices, and recommit to ensuring they receive the care they have earned. 
This cannot be a partisan moment.  It must be an American moment.  We have to come together as a nation.
Thank you to our health care providers, first responders, grocery and other retail workers, and so many others that are keeping us safe and prepared. This coronavirus pandemic makes it clear that all workers deserve paid sick live, workplace protections and unemployment benefits.
“A story to tell: Coffee with Joe Biden.” 
I'm grateful for everyone who found work in August and found that glimmer of hope — but there is real cause for concern in this morning's jobs report.  The pace of job gains in August was slower than in July. And significantly slower than May or June.
FACT: By the time Gov. Romney left office, more businesses were going out of business in Massachusetts than being created.
We need a president who heals — not one who fans the flames of hate.   We need a president who unites — not one who sows further discord for political gain.   We need a president who leads the way with a steady hand — not one who incites violence with his erratic tweets.
Donald Trump's erratic foreign policy has abandoned our allies, abdicated our leadership, and tarnished our reputation. It has to stop.  In a Biden administration, America will once again lead by example and rally the world to meet our common challenges. 
Utah — today is the last day to register to vote online.  After today, you can register when you vote early in-person or at the polls on Election Day.  Head to  to get registered.
Tonight, President Trump declined to rebuke violence.  He wouldn’t even repudiate one of his supporters who is charged with murder.  He is too weak, too scared of the hatred he has stirred to put an end to it.
Thank you for standing with me, @IBEW. I'll fight alongside you every single day in the White House to strengthen America's unions and rebuild the middle class. 
We can't let Donald Trump define us as a nation — we are so much better than who he thinks we are. Let’s choose to be the more perfect union we've always aspired to be and restore the soul of this nation. 
In a Biden Administration, plans with lower deductibles will become more affordable, coverage will be extended to more Americans, and the roughly 5 million low-income Americans who were denied Medicaid by their governors and/or state legislatures will finally gain coverage.
The only person responsible for our failed COVID response is Donald Trump. 
.@EricSwalwell ran a passionate campaign, and I commend him for bringing more attention to the urgent need for gun safety reform in America.
The true power of @ChadwickBoseman was bigger than anything we saw on screen. From the Black Panther to Jackie Robinson, he inspired generations and showed them they can be anything they want — even super heroes. Jill and I are praying for his loved ones at this difficult time.
Jill loves fiercely, cares deeply, and nothing stops her when she sets her mind to making something right. For all of you across the country, just think of your favorite educator who gave you the confidence to believe in yourself. That’s the kind of First Lady Jill will be.
6 days.  Return your ballot now: 
The VP kicks off the Strengthening the Middle Class bus tour in Iowa tomorrow—be sure to follow @OFA_IA for the latest.
The truth is that President Trump could have acted months ago to curb this pandemic—it's obvious he still hasn’t learned his lesson. He continues to ignore the warnings of health experts and we're all paying the price. 
Every day Donald Trump proves how morally unfit he is to lead our nation.  In 60 days, we have to vote him out. 
President Trump sees no limit to his power. He believes he can — and will — get away with anything he does. 
If I'm elected president, our students and educators will have all the tools and resources they need to succeed and get through COVID-19. 
High five. 
It’s simple: If you like your private health insurance plan, you should be able to keep it. If you don’t like it, you should be able to choose a new public option.  That’s the choice my administration will give every American — and we’ll do it without raising middle class taxes. 
Real courage is confronting something that you're afraid to do and doing it anyway. That’s what people across this country are doing every single day in the face of this crisis. They are American heroes. 
Let's remember one thing when it comes to impeachment: Donald Trump is on trial because he's afraid to run against me. He knows I’ll beat him this November.
Climate change isn't a hoax –– it's a threat to millions of Americans like Velma and Amirah.  We have to vote out Donald Trump tomorrow and take urgent action to combat this crisis. 
For America’s educators, this is a great day: You’re going to have one of your own in the White House, and Jill is going to make a great First Lady.
Debemos hacer todo lo que esté a nuestro alcance para abordar la emergencia climática. Como presidente, trabajaré para convertirnos en una economía de energía limpia con emisiones netas cero para el 2050. Volveremos a liderar el mundo en la lucha contra el cambio climático.
Before the holidays, Jill walked across the Gateway International Bridge into Matamoros, Mexico, where families are enduring inhumane conditions. Jill witnessed the cruelty of Trump's policies and the resiliency of those risking their lives to seek asylum. 
Thank you for your support, @HamillHimself. May the force be with us this election season. 
This election is not a joke. 
It's been six years since Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson — reigniting a movement. We must continue the work of tackling systemic racism and reforming policing.
I do not believe we have to choose between law and order and racial justice in America.
I'm looking forward to seeing @MichaelBennet continue the fight to unify our nation, and beat Donald Trump, in the Senate — Coloradans are lucky to have him in their corner.
Folks, millions of you have already requested absentee ballots. It’s essential to return your ballots as soon as you can. You can return your ballot by mail or, in most states, at locations designated by your clerk. Head to  to learn more. 
I've seen Hillary in the Senate &amp; the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership we need. –Joe
.@DrBiden and I are keeping the loved ones of the more than 40,000 people in the U.S. we've lost due to COVID-19 in our prayers. This is a solemn day for our nation, and there will be more hard days ahead. But if we pull together, we will get through this. I promise. 
Joe photo of the day: Breakfast with VP Biden in Mechanicsburg, Ohio. 
Roe v. Wade is settled law. State laws attacking a woman’s right to choose should be declared unconstitutional. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor. 
Tune in as I join members of Philadelphia's faith community for a Souls to the Polls event. 
Smiles in Virginia yesterday: 
It was the honor of my lifetime to serve with a man who I believe was a great president, a historic figure, and most important to me, a close friend.  He selected me. I’ll take his judgment about my record, my character, and my ability to handle the job over anyone else’s. 
We're in Alliance, Ohio, for stop two of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
I know Americans aren’t looking for a handout. They just want a fair chance to get ahead — and I’ll work every day to make sure folks get that chance.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, we have to ensure everyone comes along. 
As we watched in horror at the events in El Paso and Dayton, Chicago suffered its most violent weekend of 2019.  We cannot go on like this. We must muster up the courage to take on the @NRA, pass common-sense reform, and end our gun violence epidemic.  
Corruption is Donald Trump’s middle name.
We have the power to change the future of our planet — and it starts at the ballot box this November. 
The President has a duty to set an example.  
I need your help if we're going to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. With the Nevada caucuses less than one week away, your donation is more important than ever. Chip in today: 
Stand up for the progress President Obama has made for teachers and students—join Educators for Obama today: 
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water. Period.  As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. 
It shouldn't take a global pandemic shutting down schools to end school shootings. 
If I’m elected, I’ll immediately reach out to Dr. Fauci and ask him to continue his incredible service to our country.   I’ll have the nation’s top medical experts and scientists ready to advise our response on day one — and I'll actually listen to them.
.@BetoORourke mobilized a state, inspired a nation, and in the wake of the shooting in El Paso showed us all what compassionate leadership looks like. He will be changing this nation for years to come. I'm so grateful he's on our team. 
Love will always win. Congratulations, @S10Bird and @mPinoe! 
The climate emergency we’re facing not only impacts our environment — it also threatens our health, national security, and economic well-being. We need to take urgent, drastic action now to address it. That’s exactly what I will do as president. 
So far, Facebook has failed to enact any real reforms to stop the spread of disinformation on its platform. Time is running out.   Today, we're releasing an open letter demanding the company change its policies: 
We are running out of words to condemn the inhumanity of this administration. An administration that pulls children from the arms of their parents and stalks families in their neighborhoods will now deport children who are in life-saving treatment for dire conditions like cancer.
VP: “Barack and I are absolutely committed to ensuring that our daughters &amp; granddaughters have the exact same opportunities as our sons.”
U.S. troops hurt in Iran's missile attack are being evaluated for traumatic brain injuries. To Trump, it's just “headaches.” We need a president who respects our service members and honors our sacred duty to care for our wounded warriors. 
Whether you volunteered, donated, or just voted, share your #Obama2012 memory here: 
I'm in Toledo, Ohio, to discuss my plans to build the economy back better for working families. Tune in. 
Check out some highlights from the VP’s trip to New Hampshire—then commit to vote: 
No one should be fired, denied a home or access to services because of who they are or who they love. But that’s not the reality for many LGBTQ Americans.  Today’s historic passage of the #EqualityAct moves us one step closer to righting this wrong — the Senate should act now.
Donald Trump is wholly unfit to serve as commander in chief. But don’t just take my word for it... 
VP: “If we win this election, it will be because of what you did in moments like this to help close the spending gap.” 
It's 2020 — it’s unacceptable that women still don’t get equal pay for equal work. Let’s close the gender pay gap and end #EqualPayDay once and for all. 
Check out the highlights from Dr. Jill Biden’s trip to colleges in Minnesota and Pennsylvania last week: 
Donald Trump needs to do his job and implement a national testing strategy.
Our basic American values are under assault. But we can take this country back if we show up and vote.   That's why I'm heading to Las Vegas on Saturday at 7:30am for the first day of early voting.   RSVP here to say you’ll be there:  #RiseNVote
We know how hard this is. You have put the interest of the nation – and the need to defeat Donald Trump – above all else. And for that we’re grateful. But we want you to know: we’ll be reaching out. You’ll be heard by me. As you say: Not me, Us.
Working on boosting my name ID in Nevada. 
Donald Trump forgot about COVID-19, but COVID-19 didn’t forget about us.   The President couldn’t wish away the virus in April, he couldn’t tweet it away in May, and he can’t ignore it away in June.
Trump further diminished the U.S. in the eyes of the world by expanding his travel ban. This new “African Ban,” is designed to make it harder for black and brown people to immigrate to the United States. It’s a disgrace, and we cannot let him succeed. 
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live: 
Thank you, Grand Rapids, for a great afternoon. From the virus to the economy, we face immense challenges as a nation. But if we come together and act as one America, we can and will overcome them. 
#ImVotingFor Shamar — and every kid in this country — because they deserve the chance to go as far as their God-given potential will take them.  What are you voting for? I want to hear from you @BarackObama, @MichelleObama, and @DrBiden. 
The President says no one cares about being tested.  Have you or a loved one had trouble getting tested? 
I had a great time talking with folks this week in Urbandale, Iowa. We’re in a battle for the soul of this nation, and coming together with our friends and neighbors is how we’re going to win this election. 
Barack — This endorsement means the world to Jill and me. We’re going to build on the progress we made together, and there’s no one I’d rather have standing by my side. 
It's not enough to just thank our essential workers — we need to pay them. As president, I’ll:  - Raise the minimum wage to $15 - End the tipped minimum wage - End the sub-minimum wage for people with disabilities - Ensure everyone has strong benefits
I will not lift the President’s tweet. I will not give him that amplification. But he is calling for violence against American citizens during a moment of pain for so many. I’m furious, and you should be too.
After a great #DNC2012, it’s time to register voters and win this thing—find a weekend of action event near you: 
“My daughter and granddaughters &amp; Barack’s daughters are entitled to every single, solitary opportunity my sons are and my grandsons are.”
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.  We need real leadership, right now. Lives are at stake. 
Los Estados Unidos es una idea que se ha fortalecido a través de las contribuciones únicas de la comunidad hispana. ¿Dónde estaríamos sin la juez Sonia Sotomayor, César Chávez, @HildaSolis, Dolores Huerta y otros que han mejorado nuestro mundo? #HerenciaHispana
Come on. Your administration has been arguing in court to repeal protections for people with pre-existing conditions.  You're trying to take health care away from millions of people. The least you could do is be honest about it. 
Grateful for the leadership of @fred_guttenberg for finding purpose in tragedy.  We will beat the @NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. 
And now, as then, we owe it to them to come together as a nation — so that Americans can once again do what we did so bravely nineteen years ago: turn from tragedy to purpose, rebuild our lives, and begin, in time, to heal.
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 was our best shot at fixing our broken immigration system. It had bipartisan support and would have put millions of immigrants on the pathway to citizenship.  Bernie Sanders voted against it. 
Happy Birthday, Congressman Clyburn! Your powerful voice of moral clarity never fails to steer us toward a better future — and reminds us all of why we're in public service in the first place. I’m grateful for your leadership and honored to call you a friend. 
Donald Trump thinks that our nation's great diversity makes us weak — because he has no idea what makes us great.
...yes 
With only 14 days left, every action counts. Call 10 voters from the comfort of home:  
Are you registered to vote at your current address? Make sure: 
That’s why I’ve spent my whole career fighting — and I will continue to fight — like hell so that no one ever has to make that walk again.  If you’re with me, I hope you'll join my campaign and chip in what you can: 
Folks, we just released a special Sunday episode of Here’s the Deal! @RevDrBarber joined me for a discussion on faith and its intersection with some of the most pressing issues we face as a nation.  Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
Ordinary people, given half a chance, have never let their country down.  That’s who I believe in. That’s who I’m in this race to fight for.
We're going to get through this. Together. 
To all the heroes who have served in our armed forces, and the families and caregivers who sacrificed alongside them, I promise I’ll always have your back. 
Vice President Biden in Ohio: “This is no time to go back. We have to continue to move forward.”
In the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is still working to gut the Affordable Care Act and rip health care away from millions. It's morally reprehensible.  They need to drop the lawsuit immediately. 
Folks, it's been a big week. To celebrate, and to help elect Democrats up-and-down the ballot, @KamalaHarris, @DrBiden, @DouglasEmhoff and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser.  We'd love to see you there. Chip in to join us:  
VP Biden. Kal Penn. Coming tomorrow to a livestream near you: 
President Obama laid out a plan to restore the promise of middle class security last night: 
“I know that our President and Vice President are fighting for the values that have always made our country so great.” #DrBiden2012
Honesty, decency, hope, leaving nobody behind, giving hate no safe harbor. That’s who we are. But I don't see much of that coming from this administration. 
Health care is deeply personal to me — like it is for so many Americans. And I promise you that as president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. 
We need to ensure that every person who needs a coronavirus test can get one — and that the test is free. Period.
“I’ve seen firsthand how Barack and Joe stand up for the rights and freedoms of women every day.”—Dr. Biden in Pittsburgh, PA
President Trump asked to see the COVID death chart. @RealDonaldTrump, here you go. 
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump in the White House. 
RT if you agree Mitt Romney should do the right thing and release more than one year of tax returns: 
Not a joke, folks.  Get yours today:  
Wearing a mask isn't a political statement — it's a patriotic duty.
With full hearts and steady hands, with faith in America and in each other, with a love of country — and a thirst for justice — let us be the nation that we know we can be.
Tomorrow is Election Day. I took a moment to reflect on some of my favorite stories and photos from the past year and a half.  Take a look: 
Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect under the law—regardless of who they are or who they love. Now is not the time to back down. We must stand up to this Administration's intolerance and ensure America lives up to our founding ideals. 
Looking forward to discussing my new book PROMISE ME, DAD with these inspiring individuals on #AmericanPromiseTour  
Today, on the Act's anniversary, we must recommit to fully breaking down barriers so everyone has the opportunity to succeed—no matter their zip code, income, race, or disability. As president, I'll ensure everyone's treated with dignity and respect. 
I give you my word as a Biden: I will never stoop to President Trump's level. 
Today, I am putting the Kremlin and other foreign governments on notice: If elected president, I will direct my administration to impose substantial and lasting costs on those who interfere with American elections. 
“The President has a plan to train 2 million workers through partnerships between businesses and community colleges.” #DrBiden2012
I made a promise to families hurt by gun violence to never, ever give up on the fight. Tonight, I make the same promise to you. #DemConvention 
Americans — not Vladimir Putin — should decide our elections. 
It’s go time: Tune in to  
Thank you to @NEAToday for a great discussion this afternoon on how we can work together to create #StrongPublicSchools. I can promise you that @DrBiden and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for America’s educators and students. #NEARA19 
One of the great things about being on the trail is getting a chance to have lunch with great folks like @MayorMikeDuggan and community leaders in Dearborn. 
I started the Cancer Moonshot so we could be the generation that finally cures cancer.  You then tried to slash nearly $1 billion for cancer funding.  We're lucky that the cancer rate is down, but we're luckier that Congress stopped you. 
Joe photo of the day: new friends in Sarasota, Florida. 
This is yet another attempt to distract from this Administration's failure to lead an effective response to COVID-19. Immigrants help grow our economy and create jobs. The President can't scapegoat his way out of this crisis. 
Jill and I are praying for the people of Colombia and the families of the victims of tonight's bomb explosion. #BogotaEstoyContigo
It could take 10 years before we get to Medicare for All. We can't wait — people need help now and hope now. #DemDebate 
Facebook continues to put their profits over the truth — allowing politicians like Donald Trump to spend an unthinkable amount of money on paid disinformation. Our democracy is worse off for their failure to confront this. 
China commits enormous human rights abuses, and denies its citizens access to basic information — all while Trump looks the other way. If I am president, human rights won't be blacked out of the conversation. 
China’s internment of nearly one million Uighur Muslims is among the worst abuses of human rights in the world today. The U.S. cannot be silent — we must speak out against this oppression and relentlessly defend human rights around the world. 
PEPFAR is one of the most successful, effective, and world-changing initiatives the United States has ever led. Now is not the time to pull back. We must finish the work we started to end the specter of AIDS. My op-ed with @bfrist. 
Why are you so obsessed with me, Mr. President? 
America is an idea, unlike any other country in the world. #FourthOfJuly 
.@StephenCurry30 and @ayeshacurry: Thank you for your support. When I’m president, you and your family are welcome at the White House any time.  And, Riley and Ryan, the Vice President will be @KamalaHarris. I think you’ll really like her. #DemConvention 
Some Americans celebrate #NationalCatDay, some celebrate #NationalDogDay — President Trump celebrates neither. It says a lot.  It’s time we put a pet back in the White House. 
An untested rape kit means a survivor without justice. I wrote the first rape kit backlog law because every survivor deserves closure, and because evidence shows testing kits can identify men who have committed multiple rapes - and might again. Test every kit. Every single one.
Donald Trump has asked three foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. In full view of the American people, he has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation.  He must be impeached.
Thank you, Mississippi! 
Today's news of a second vaccine is further reason to feel hopeful. What was true with the first vaccine remains true with the second: we are still months away. Until then, Americans need to continue to practice social-distancing and mask-wearing to get the virus under control.
Our hearts and prayers are with the people of Lebanon, and the victims of the horrific explosion in Beirut. I urge both the Trump Administration and international community to immediately mobilize assistance to the thousands injured in the blast.
Dr. Biden in Pittsburgh: “We’ve got to realize how far we’ve come—and we’ve got to do our part to keep moving forward.” #Women2012
We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump. If you're with us, please chip in what you can right now to keep the momentum going from tonight's #DemDebate: 
Last year I had the privilege of walking down the streets my great-great grandfather once walked, in County Louth, Ireland. 
We must reform our juvenile justice system to give children a second chance to live up to their potential. My plan will invest in juvenile justice programs, protect juvenile records, &amp; end the use of detention as punishment for status offenses. Our plan:  
Out of every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger as a nation — and we will again. If we come together, there is not a single thing we cannot accomplish. 
Determination. Resilience. Grit. The strength to get up no matter how many times you’ve been knocked down. Respect for hard work, and for the people who do it.   Those are the values I learned growing up in Scranton — and they're the values I’ll take to the Oval Office.
I have a message for #TeamJoe: Thank you! 
We should not tear down Obamacare. Period. We need to protect and build on it with a new public option to ensure every American has access to the care they need.
Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is.   
President Trump &amp; Betsy DeVos continue to roll back our progress on LGBTQ rights. No child should feel unsafe in school because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.  A Biden administration will ensure all of our young people are affirmed &amp; accepted exactly as they are. 
On National Farmers Day, we honor the hardworking men and women who drive our economy, fuel our rural communities, and nourish our nation. A Biden-Harris administration will work every day to restore the dignity our farmers deserve and help them build back better than before.
When I wrote the Violence Against Women Act in 1994, it included a provision that empowered women to take abusers to civil court. The Supreme Court wrongly struck it down. Now it is time for Congress to step up and fix this. 
Pass it on: 
Jill and I are keeping the French people in our prayers following the horrific terror attack in Nice — which targeted innocents in a house of worship. A Biden-Harris administration will work with our allies and partners to prevent extremist violence in all forms.
A slight change of tone from the president for one night doesn’t cover up the lies he told. It doesn’t change the fact that over 220,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 on his watch.  We can’t take another four years of Donald Trump’s failed leadership.
125 days. 
There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. #DemDebate 
Joe fans: Be sure to bookmark the new VP Biden page on the #Obama2012 website for updates from the campaign trail: 
We’re going to build back better and we will do it while creating a brighter future for you and your families. This week @KamalaHarris and I sit down to discuss how we are going to move forward—together.  Join us on Tuesday. 
Our president has failed in his most basic duty to this nation.   He failed to protect us. He failed to protect America. And that is unforgivable.
We may be opponents — but we are not enemies.   We are Americans.
Thank you to the hundreds of people who joined us yesterday in the cold and rain in Nashua, NH. Our political system is broken, but I’m more optimistic about America’s chances today than I have ever been. If we come together and remember who we are, there’s nothing we can’t do. 
I know everything feels different right now. There’s just that feeling where you don’t know if everything will be okay. But I promise you that it can be and it will be. 
Follow @PennBiden to get involved and check out the livestream of my conversation on foreign policy with @Penn president Amy Gutmann today.
Join us in Philadelphia on Saturday, May 18th, as we officially launch our campaign! Head to  to RSVP today.
Today is the last day of Obamacare's open enrollment for 2020 coverage! Head to  to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. #GetCovered
President Trump has failed our nation. 
The energy at the @NVDems’ First in the West event was incredible. Folks are fired up to take back our country and make Donald Trump a one-term president.   If you’re fired up too, join our campaign today and let’s get to work:  
VP Biden celebrated Diwali at the White House this week:  
Cutting jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers won’t grow the economy—but that’s Mitt Romney’s plan: 
As the sun sets around the world, Jill and I want to extend our warmest wishes to those marking the end of Ramadan. May your celebrations be filled with family and joy. #EidMubarak
Worth a re-watch: VP Biden talks in last night's debate about why we've got to give the middle class a fair shot. 
In 1994, I took on the @NRA to pass a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. The ban saved lives — and Republicans should have never let it expire.  As president, I’ll ban them once again. We will get these weapons of war out of our communities. 
A new day in America has come. Tune in as Vice President-Elect @KamalaHarris and I address the nation. 
This nation has never been defeated when we’re together. And we’re not going to be defeated now.
After seeing the shortage of masks around the country, Marilyn decided to step up and organize efforts in Northern Virginia to make homemade masks. Because of her selfless work, countless front line workers have the masks they need to stay safe.
In that moment, we weren't thinking about being Democrats or Republicans. We weren't thinking about a way to contort the nation's victory in favor of one political faction or another. We were, quite simply, Americans—joined together in our wonder, awe, and shared humanity.
RT if you’re on #TeamObamaBiden tonight: 
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans and protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions. We can't let President Trump and congressional Republicans tear it down.  Add your name if you agree: 
Right now, America faces:    - The worst pandemic in 100 years - The worst economic crisis since the Great Depression - The most powerful calls for racial justice in a generation   I need someone alongside me who's smart, tough, and ready to lead. @KamalaHarris is that person.
RT @VP: VP greets first responders at Hoboken Terminal in Hoboken, NJ. 
I'm thankful no one was hurt in last night's attack. But we're only in this mess because Donald Trump pulled out of the Iran Deal (which even his advisors said was working), turned his back on our allies, and had no strategy for what comes next.
Donald Trump has refused to take serious action to combat the COVID-19 crisis. And as a result, he got what he’s always wanted — the U.S. isolated from the rest of the world. 
Five.  That’s how many times Senator Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept 3 million firearms out of dangerous hands.  I helped pass it.  We need a president who'll stand up to the @NRA — not stand with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
Inspired by the courage and tenacity of @GretaThunberg. She is right — we cannot fail future generations any longer. We must take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency before it’s too late. 
Look, folks, I'm going to be honest: we'll try pretty much anything to get you to vote this election. My team spun up this quiz to match your personality to an easy voting option. Check it out — but more importantly, vote! 
Folks, with just nine days until Election Day, your support is more important than ever.  Every dollar counts during this final stretch.  If you're able, please chip in today: 
Tomorrow marks our end-of-year fundraising deadline and we need your help to reach our goal. Our campaign relies on supporters like you giving $5, $10, $20 at a time.  Chip in to help us end the year on a strong note:  
President Shri Pranab Mukherjee was a devout public servant who believed deeply in the importance of our two nations tackling global challenges together. Jill and I are saddened to hear of his passing — our prayers go out to his loved ones and the Indian people. 
VP Biden is going to be listening to the #SOTU at 9pm ET tonight - join him here: 
Hottest summer on record: 2019 Hottest September on record: 2019 Hottest October on record: 2019  There is no time to waste. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and address the climate emergency. The survival of our planet depends on it. 
Our country is being put to the test, but I’ve never been more optimistic about America. Together we can do this. Make a Day One donation to join us.  #Joe2020 
I’m always talking about my plans to build back better for all Americans. But what does that really mean for you and your family?   Watch as @ewarren helps explain: 
Together, we're going to build a new American economy:  
Bernie Sanders has gone after nearly every corporation in the world — except the gun manufacturers. It's unacceptable. We need a president with the courage to take them on and ensure they can be held accountable for the carnage they have caused. 
Enhanced unemployment benefits expired for millions overnight.  We don’t have an effective nationwide testing program or a plan to control the virus.  Our health care workers still don’t have enough PPE.  Enough with the weekend golf trips, Mr. President. Do your job.
Today’s the day, Nevada! Confirm your caucus location at  and make a plan to arrive by 11:00 AM PT. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has made matters worse, creating a “shadow pandemic” for many women and girls who are largely confined to their home with their abuser and facing economic insecurity that makes escape more difficult.
Today marks 85 years since the Social Security Act was signed into law, providing protection for the most vulnerable. Now we’re living in a moment where we must strengthen our commitment to Social Security — not defund it.
Thank you, Tennessee! 
“The middle class wasn’t a number—it wasn’t a net worth. It was more of a value set.”—VP Biden on his upbringing: 
Make no mistake: We can emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. It’s within our power — we just need a president and an administration who are up for the task.
Every American should be encouraged to exercise their right to vote. I stand with @JeanneShaheen in opposing the voter suppression law that makes it harder for students in New Hampshire to participate in our political process. This law should be overturned. 
One year ago, a white supremacist armed with a semi-automatic rifle targeted the people of El Paso. He thought his hatred of Latinos and immigrants would prove more powerful than the culture and vibrancy of the community.  He was wrong. 
I’m proud that today, our campaign is launching HBCU Students for Biden. This program will be dedicated to helping HBCU students throughout the country learn how to organize for our campaign.   Sign up here:  
This afternoon, I’ll be hosting a virtual town hall with a few workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tune in at 3:00 PM ET to watch live:  
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.
When it comes to President Trump’s tariff war with China, one thing is clear: America’s farmers and manufacturers are getting crushed – no one knows that better than Iowa.   To Trump, the people getting hurt are just pawns in his game. #TeamJoe
It’s great to see people so fired up at the President’s rallies today—I'm ready to go for the next six months, hope you are too. –Joe
The people of Keene, New Hampshire, know that if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, there’s not a single thing we can’t do. Thank you to everyone who joined us this afternoon! 
This pandemic has put a bright light on the disparities that have plagued our nation for too long. We’ve got to make sure these communities get the help they need now — and root out the systemic racism that created these inequalities in the first place. 
It’s the most fundamental American right: the right to vote — and for your vote to be counted. Count all the votes in Florida, Georgia, and Arizona. Count them fairly. Count them transparently.
Today, the House votes on #HR9, the #ClimateActionNow Act, which restores our commitment to the #ParisAgreement. We need to face facts on climate change. It’s already here. It is a major threat to our future and we simply cannot wait to take action.
The hard working men and women of @UFCW that I met today are going without pay during this strike. If you can, pitch in to make sure that those workers facing the greatest hardship are supported. 
Across the country, ordinary people are stepping up and doing extraordinary things — folks like Isaac and Stephanie, who are creating supplies for their local hospitals. Stories like this one make me so proud to be an American. We will overcome this challenge — together. 
VP national security speech week: Biden hails the successful "reset" of U.S.-Russia relations in 2011. 
Last year California passed #AB5, affording gig workers protections and benefits like a minimum wage and overtime pay.  Now, gig economy giants are trying to gut the law and exempt their workers. It's unacceptable.  I urge Californians to vote no on the initiative this November.
We can and will solve the climate crisis — together. 
I led the Obama-Biden Administration’s efforts to pass and implement the Recovery Act, which saved the American economy from another depression and sent South Bend, IN, over $75 million to invest in projects around the town.  Projects that Mayor Pete likes to take credit for. 
In the Senate, I successfully took on the @NRA to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines — and helped pass the Brady background check bill. As president, I’ll do it again.  Add your name to stand with me:  
Ohioans—including servicemembers and vets who served our country—shouldn’t have to endure shameful attempts to restrict their voting rights.
"@timkaine and I believe, we really believe, that there's no reason why we can't do so much better politically." -VP Biden
Justice is on the ballot.   
RT this image if you believe standing up for the American worker is good for the country:  #RomneyWrong
Stoning people to death for homosexuality or adultery is appalling and immoral. Every single person on earth is entitled to be treated with dignity and to live without fear. There is no excuse—not culture, not tradition—for this kind of hate and inhumanity. 
On VAWA's 22nd anniversary, join VP Biden and recommit to fighting to end domestic violence:  
I am honored to have the endorsement of the League of Conservation Voters, a leading environmental advocacy organization. Climate change is an existential threat, and there is no greater challenge and opportunity facing our country and our world. 
The nation is crying out for leadership — but this president has nothing to offer.
I’m so excited to be in Philadelphia — the birthplace of American democracy — to launch our campaign. I’ll be taking the stage soon, head to  to tune in.
If you live in:  - Idaho - Michigan - Mississippi - Missouri - North Dakota - Washington  You vote today! Head to  to find all the info you need to make your voice heard. 
Thank you to the @NVAssemblyDems &amp; @NVSenateDems for their hard work — and the people of Nevada for making this a reality. The Silver State is in good hands with these women leading the way. 
Mr. President, if you don’t respect our troops, you can’t lead them. 
On the new @UDBidenInst blog, @PennyPritzker, @Airbnb &amp; @LinkedIn share strategies to help American workers succeed: 
This morning's news of another rise in unemployment claims—on top of the millions already filed—is devastating. We have to make sure those affected get the benefits they deserve, but we can't stop there.  I'm announcing two new policies to help Americans get the relief they need: 
Love is more powerful than hate.   Hope is more powerful than fear.   Light is more powerful than darkness.    This is our moment. This is our mission.
If you like what you heard from VP Biden tonight, say you're in here: 
Folks are coming together across the country to host watch parties for next week's Democratic debate! Head to  to sign up to host one in your community.
Keep our eyes on the horizon - look to the future. Nothing is beyond our capacity as Americans. Happy #FourthofJuly from the Biden Family.
We cannot repair the economy, restore our vitality, or relish life’s most precious moments — hugging a grandchild, birthdays, weddings, graduations, all the moments that matter most to us — until we get this virus under control.
I’m proud to continue my work on national security issues through the new @PennBiden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement.
The Bidens are celebrating my daughter Ashley’s birthday today. @DrBiden and I are so proud of everything she has accomplished and can’t wait to see what she achieves in the years ahead. 
Happy first week of fall, everyone. #ThrowbackThursday 
Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales’s decision to end CICIG’s mandate represents a serious blow to anti-corruption efforts in the hemisphere.   The US Administration should condition assistance on CICIG’s continued operation.
The ACA was, and is, a big deal. It took generations of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done.   I’ll fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it down—Republican or Democrat.
Hope you all are having as much fun this holiday as I did answering these questions: 
The Trump Administration has argued that migrant children held in detention centers don’t need soap, toothbrushes, or beds. Now they’re refusing to provide flu vaccines after three children have already passed away in part from the flu.  It is inhumane. 
Thank you to all of our incredible volunteers in Nevada for all your hard work — your faith in our campaign means the world to me.  We’re taking this campaign across the country and need your help. Head to  to get involved today. 
No president whose lies and failures have cost 225,000 American lives should keep his job. Period.
As California continues to burn, President Trump wants to withhold critical aid and abandon our firefighters when they need our support the most. It's reckless and cruel.  We must act now on climate change and support our firefighters and those affected by this disaster. 
“Under President Obama's leadership, Medicare benefits have actually increased. For prescription drugs, they've increased by $800.”—VP Biden
50 days.
Thank you @JeanneShaheen for leading the fight to ensure that women veterans have the resources they need to be safe from violence. One of my top priorities as president will be to renew and expand VAWA — including passing this bill. 
You have the power to own the outcome of this election and determine the course of our country for generations to come.  Make your plan to vote:  
The press counted us out.  The pundits declared our campaign dead.  But we proved them wrong. 
The words of a president matter. Hateful rhetoric and white nationalism have no place in our nation.  
Congrats &amp; good luck to my former staffer Dr. Tony Allen, incoming Provost of @DelStateUniv! A great fit for a passionate public servant.
We need gun safety reform &amp; leaders who will step up to get it done. Gov. Sununu instead has decided to stand with President Trump in putting the gun lobby over common-sense reforms that will keep Granite Staters safe.  As president, I’ll take on the NRA &amp; win—again. #NHPolitics
Stopped by @TheStonewallNYC to celebrate #PrideMonth &amp; #WorldPride where the movement began 50 years ago. 
Guilty as charged 
Today, The House will hold it's first hearing on the Equal Rights Amendment in 36 years. It's way past time to give all people protection under the Constitution--human rights should never be caught up in the whims of whichever political party is in power. We need the #ERANow.
VP Biden hosted a Cinco de Mayo breakfast this week—keep the celebration going by following @LatinosforObama. #FF
Yesterday in Las Vegas, we discussed the crucial need to address the gun violence epidemic. Folks, it’s time to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. I’ve beaten the @NRA twice — and as president, I’ll do it again. 
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan budget: “Let’s look at how much they value you. They propose making massive cuts in education.”
Yesterday we had our best day of online fundraising on this campaign, raising $5M from tens of thousands of new supporters.  Today, we've already surpassed that total. And we're just getting started. Join us: 
America is the heart of the Free World, and we must defend it. That is how the #FourthOfJuly is best honored — by remembering that our Declaration is first and foremost a call to arms, in defense of liberty.
Once again, a Black man — Jacob Blake — was shot by the police. In front of his children. It makes me sick.  Is this the country we want to be?  Needless violence won’t heal us. We need to end the violence — and peacefully come together to demand justice. 
A year ago today, the House passed the #EqualityAct, a long-overdue bill that would ensure LGBTQ+ people are treated with dignity and respect under the law. But @SenateMajLdr won't bring it up for a vote. It's unacceptable.  Passing it will be a top legislative priority of mine.
Macedonia will soon hold a referendum on whether to endorse a historic accord with Greece that will pave the way for NATO membership. Despite Moscow's unrelenting propaganda campaign, Macedonians alone must decide what future they want for their country. 
The American people deserve to know what the most corrupt president in modern history is hiding in his tax returns. 
Folks, it’s hard to believe, but tomorrow night marks our final public fundraising deadline of the campaign.  Can you chip in to help us post our strongest numbers yet? 
Today, on the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia, I stand with LGBTQ+ people and their allies to celebrate and champion the inherent dignity and worth of all persons—regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. #IDAHOTB 
America was built by hard-working, ordinary people doing extraordinary things. It’s time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. 
We're facing some of the greatest challenges in our history, and Donald Trump is patting himself on the back. He just has no idea what’s really going on in this country.   It's time for him to step out of his bunker and look around at the consequences of his words and actions.
We gotta beat Trump next year, and we’ll need a strong, strategic ground game run by top-notch organizers to make it happen — @TheDemocrats are already building it through @orgcorps2020. Send in your application ASAP:  #OC2020
In the middle of a pandemic, President Trump is trying to eliminate Obamacare and increase health care costs for millions.  Now, he’s rushing through a U.S. Supreme Court justice to help him get it done. It’s unconscionable.   Make no mistake: Health care is on the ballot.
President Obama: "We are on pace to double our exports. That's creating tens of thousands of jobs all across the country." #TeamBarack
Scranton, Pennsylvania, isn't just where I'm from — it's the people I'm for. I'll fight every single day in the White House for the hardworking Americans who make our country run. 
Today is a historic day for the #MeToo movement &amp; for survivors of sexual violence. The bravery of those who stopped Weinstein cannot be overstated, &amp; the burden of speaking out cannot be on survivors alone. We have to change our culture &amp; our system to end sexual assault. 
From his heinous acts of separating families at our border to his neglect of the people of Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria, President Trump has attacked the dignity of Latino families time and time again.  It will end when I’m president.
Folks, there's an election happening tomorrow. We've got to keep our eye on the ball. Let's get this done. 
I need your help if we're going to restore the soul of this nation. With the Iowa Caucuses just days away, your donation is more important than ever.  Chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign:  
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need. Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act to deliver these life-saving supplies. 
VP Biden: “Together, all of us—even the 47 percent of us that Romney doesn't think matter—we’re moving forward. “
Be like @BarackObama.  Vote early:  
It’s not enough to just end Citizens United — we have to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections.  It's time we return our democracy to the people.
If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet may never recover. 
“This guy not only doesn’t want to raise the minimum wage, he doesn’t think there should be a federal minimum wage.” —VP on Sen. Ron Johnson
Pride is about standing up to the voices of injustice and discrimination and declaring that everyone has the right to live proud, open, and free. It's about love. We join the LGBTQ community in celebration and remember the fight is not over. We march on. Happy #PrideMonth
When I met Brayden this week, he had a familiar anxiety on his face. It was the anxiety of a kid with a stutter, something I struggled to overcome when I was a kid too. Here's what I told him. 
This is our moment to root out systemic racism and ensure justice finally rings out for all in America. 
VIDEO: Ann Marie shared her #My2K story, and ended up having lunch with VP Biden. 
Calculate your savings on college costs thanks to President Obama’s policies: 
As president, I will send a clear, unequivocal message to the entire nation: There is no place for hate in America.  It will be given no license. It will be given no oxygen. It will be given no safe harbor.
This fight is personal for Jill and me.  It’s personal for almost every American.
On the fourth anniversary of Pulse. In the middle of Pride month. During a global pandemic.  Donald Trump's cruelty truly knows no bounds. We have to defeat him this November. 
Today's Title IX decision is shameful, but the law is still the law. Colleges &amp; universities must honor obligations to students &amp; survivors.
FACT: Iowa has created nearly 20,000 additional manufacturing jobs and a growing renewable energy sector under President Obama.
There is nothing that the United States of America can’t do if we do it together.
I couldn’t agree more, @Springsteen. 
Jodie –– you have my word: I will always stand up for you and the millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. 
I’m proud to stand with folks across the country participating in today’s #WorkersFirst Caravan. Senate Republicans need to pass the #HeroesAct now and take action to root out systemic racism. 
Joe Biden knows how to rally the world to meet the climate crisis because he’s done it before. Biden worked alongside President Obama to get the world—including China—to agree to the Paris Accord; and he will be prepared on day one of his presidency to push beyond those goals.
I believe America is strongest when we work with our allies.  It's how we keep this country safe, counter terrorism and extremism, control this pandemic, deal with the climate crisis, and so much more.
I know from personal experience the only way to overcome grief is to find purpose. The Parkland students &amp; families will not allow us to turn away from our responsibilities to those 17 fallen angels. We aren’t there yet, but with their determination &amp; insistence, we’ll get there.
Donald Trump’s COVID-19 response has been the greatest failure of presidential leadership in our nation’s history.
The seas are rising. Australia is burning. And in this moment of crisis, our President thinks windmills cause cancer. Solving the climate crisis, starts with beating Donald Trump. And once I do, we'll pass my ambitious climate plan. 
The coronavirus test should be made widely available and free.  The coronavirus vaccine, when ready, should be made widely available and free.  Treatment for coronavirus should be free, too.  We're in a crisis. No one should have to pay for their coronavirus health care costs.
Come January, we will work quickly with Congress to dramatically ramp up health care protections, get America to universal coverage, and lower health care costs.
Donald Trump will always put his wealthy and well-connected friends first — that should come as no surprise. But to allow the banks to do it on the backs of small business owners in the middle of a global pandemic is a new low — even for him. 
70 days.   
Under President Trump:  - Over 230,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 - 30 million people have lost hours, paychecks, or jobs - Nearly one in five small businesses have closed  Are you better off than you were four years ago?
"@KatieMcGintyPA knows who built the middle class, and you should if you don’t: L-A-B-O-R. Organized labor built the middle class." -VP
Thank you to each and every person who has gotten involved in our campaign so far. Whether you chipped in a few dollars or dedicated a few hours of your time — I’m incredibly grateful. Let’s keep our foot on the pedal these final 12 days and finish strong. 
In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to root out systemic racism and close the racial wealth and income gaps. We can do it, together. 
From Carson City to Charlottesville, President Obama’s policies are having positive effects across the country: 
Congratulations to @kyrstensinema for a well-earned victory tonight. She’s going to do incredible work for Arizona. Credit to @MarthaMcSally as well for handling the results with true dignity and class.
I’ve carried the middle class values that my parents instilled in me my entire life — and they’re the values I’ll bring to the White House. 
Across America, mayors are stepping up and leading the way on combating climate change. Thank you to @MartyForBoston for showing me the innovative work Boston is doing to protect the city from rising sea levels and increased flooding. 
Go Blue Hens! Vice President Biden will deliver the 2014 commencement address at @UDelaware, his alma mater. 
As president, I’ll protect and build on Obamacare by:  - Giving Americans the choice to buy a new public option - Lowering premiums, deductibles, and co-pays - Standing up to prescription drug corporations  We’re going to make sure every American has access to the care they need.
Don't let anyone tell you differently: We have the power to write the future we want for our country.
President Trump's erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our national security and set our world on edge. Every day that he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States. 
During Filipino American History Month, we celebrate the community's immense contributions to our country — from early immigrants to the millions today, many who serve in the military or as frontline workers. As President, I'll work alongside them to protect the American people.
Is anyone surprised that all it takes is a $100 saw to breach Trump’s wall? This whole exercise was a stunt and a sham from the beginning. The only thing the wall has succeeded in doing is tarnishing the image of our nation in the eyes of the world. 
Happy Birthday, @KamalaHarris. Next year, let’s celebrate with some ice cream at the White House. 
Joe's about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live: 
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security, and to who we are as a country, is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore it.  His erratic policies and failures to uphold basic democratic principles have muddied our reputation and our place in the world.
President Trump is trying to rewrite history when it comes to China and COVID-19 — but the facts don't back him up. Tony Blinken was the Deputy Secretary of State and is one of my top foreign policy advisors. He'll explain. 
In this moment of crisis, we have the chance to build a new American economy. One where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead.  Together, we'll get it done.
I’m about to step on stage to debate Donald Trump for the first time. But before I do, can you chip in to show him the power of our grassroots base? Every donation — big or small — goes a long way. 
Don't wake up on November 4th wishing you had done more.  If you're able, chip in $8 to help secure a victory in 8 days: 
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He has to go. If you agree, chip in $5 to help us make him a one-term president: 
Here's the deal: Because President Trump refuses to concede and is delaying the transition, we have to fund it ourselves and need your help.  If you're able, chip in to help fund the Biden-Harris transition. 
Kids lined up to greet VP Biden yesterday in Muscatine, IA: 
We cannot be silent in the face of rising violence against transgender people of color—like the recent tragedies in Missouri and Puerto Rico. It's our moral obligation to end this epidemic, and ensure everyone can live open and proud and free from fear. 
We know that economic security is national security. But there are a lot of communities across this country that are hurting—because we’ve neglected the basics.  We will equip our people to succeed in the global economy with a foreign policy for the middle class. 
I’m grateful to have the opportunity to continue the #AmericanPromiseTour in June and hear from so many more people. Information available at  
We can be the generation that finally wipes out the stain of racism from our national character. I believe the American people are up to it. 
Lt. Col. Alexander S. Vindman’s testimony made clear what we already knew: Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to interfere in our elections on his behalf and the White House tried to cover it up.  We cannot let Trump get away with this abuse of power. He must be impeached. 
Today, I’m releasing my plan to ensure our veterans receive what they deserve: our respect and enduring gratitude, and the benefits they have earned.    Read my full plan: 
More than 700,000 grassroots donations—and counting—to help re-elect President Obama and Vice President Biden: 
As Juan Guaidó speaks about the Venezuelan humanitarian crisis and the crimes against humanity perpetrated by Maduro, I reaffirm my commitment to stand with the Venezuelan people.  A Biden-Harris administration will always champion democracy and human rights around the world. 
In America, health care is a right — not a privilege dependent on your gender, race, sexual orientation, income or zip code. Our plan will address systemic inequities to ensure every American receives the care they need and deserve. 
President Trump must stop stonewalling Congress and fully cooperate with the investigations. The American people deserve the truth. 
I promise you that as president, I will protect America. I will protect you and your family. I will defend our nation from threats seen and unseen.  It's the least of what we should expect from an American president.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history.  Donald Trump is the most racist president in modern history.  Donald Trump is the worst jobs president in modern history.  Why would we give him another four years?
At tonight's @CNN Town Hall in Iowa, I laid out my bold vision for the country and why I'm the best candidate in this race to beat Donald Trump and unite our nation.  If you liked what you heard, join our team and let's get to work: 
Vote early.  Vote by mail.  Vote on Election Day.  Just make sure you vote. 
This is a dangerous decision by the Trump Administration. We should be strengthening our clean water protections and holding polluters accountable for their actions — not loosening restrictions on toxic waste. 
2016 taught us to take nothing for granted and to leave everything on the field.  Vote:  
Frankie — I'm honored to have your support and couldn't agree more: We are at our best when we act as one America. Together, we're going to unite the country and restore the soul of the nation. 
Nevada, we’re taking our campaign to Henderson tomorrow, May 7th! Head to  to RSVP and come join us.
Make sure your grandparents know: Romney could raise taxes on their Social Security benefits. 
Thank you to Governor Tom Vilsack and @ChristieVilsack for opening up your home for yesterday’s house party. It was a pleasure getting to spend some time with the residents of Waukee, Iowa! 
Take a look at what people are saying about President Obama’s foreign policy debate win: 
Donald Trump is rushing through Justice Ginsburg's replacement because he's laser-focused on destroying the Affordable Care Act.   Here's what's at stake: 
Justice Stevens was a decent, honorable man who served our country well. He understood that the most important thing about being on the Court is treating people with dignity and respect. I was honored to have known him. @DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his family.
This ad wasn’t easy for me to record.  Health care is personal to me. Deeply personal. 
Joe Biden believes that women have a constitutional right to choose. Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and Biden will work to codify it. He’ll continue to fight for a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions with her doctor. #DemDebate
Ignore the polls.   Register to vote:  
When I hear the words “climate change,” I hear another word: “jobs.” We can solve our climate crisis and our economic crisis at the same time. #DemConvention 
“Who do you trust to stand up for the middle class? @BarackObama is the man you should trust.”—VP Biden in Ocala, FL: 
We left a playbook. He ignored it.  We created an office to prepare for pandemics. He gutted it.  We had CDC officials in China to detect and contain outbreaks. He pulled them out.  Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is his actions left us unprepared. 
There’s just one month left before the most important election of our lifetime — one that will shape the future of our nation for decades to come.  Don’t wake up on November 4th wishing you had done more. Get involved today: 
If we do our part, if we stand together, if we keep faith with the past and with each other — then the divisions of our time can give way to the dreams of a brighter, better future.   That is our work. That is our pledge. That is our mission.
New Hampshire, we’re taking our campaign your way next week! Head to  to find an event near you.
It’s fitting that we’re celebrating Independence Day in Independence, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who said hello at this morning’s #FourthOfJuly parade — it was great to see so many supporters! 
It's worth repeating that this weekend, President Trump admitted he directed his administration to slow down coronavirus testing in the middle of a global pandemic.  He continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
It’s not enough to wish the world was better — we have to make it so. That belief has guided my life as it has Rev. Dr. Frantz Whitfield's. He’s a pillar of Iowa's faith community, and I’m grateful to have his support. 
I’m Joe Biden, and I’m asking for your vote.  
To everyone struggling with mental health—you're not alone. There is no shame in seeking help, and there shouldn't be any barriers in your way to getting that help.   Together, we can achieve mental health parity, expand access to care, and wipe out the stigma. 
Tough, resilient, and always full of hope — that’s the America I know and that’s the America we must restore. It’s time to dig deep, take action, and fight for the soul of this nation. Join our campaign and let’s get to work. 
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable.  We shouldn’t allow rationing of health care that discriminates based on age or disability.
Juanita Perez Williams ran an incredible campaign in Syracuse. So proud of the work she did. And still hoping for a win for Manka Dhingra that will change the shape of Washington’s state Senate!
Income inequality is on the rise — made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant giveaway to the super-wealthy. We’ve got to rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class.   That starts by rewarding work, not just wealth.
Congratulations to Governor-Elect @AndyBeshearKY on his hard-earned victory. He has served the people of Kentucky well as attorney general — the Commonwealth is in good hands with him in the governor's office.
It is wonderful to see Sesame Street raising awareness about the effect of substance use disorder on families. We need to be doing more to help parents experiencing addiction and support children who end up in foster care because of this issue. 
The future of our country is on the ballot — and you get to decide what it looks like.  Vote: 
It’s an important choice, and I want you to be one of the first to know who I’ve picked as my running mate – text FIRST to 30330 to get notified when I’ve made my decision.
We’ve got a lot of good Senate candidates to vote for. People committed to doing the hard work, who will never stop fighting for you. 
The U.S. stood with the Baltic States during the Soviet occupation—their flags always flew in D.C., affirming America's defense of democratic values. Today, we must stand with the people of Hong Kong &amp; ensure the U.S. remains a beacon of hope to people around the world.
DREAMers—young people who came to the U.S. as children—are Americans. They don’t deserve to sit in limbo as the Supreme Court decides whether President Trump can end the Obama-Biden DACA policy. Congress should act now to give them a path to citizenship. 
Today’s the day! If you live in ID, MI, MS, MO, ND, or WA head to  to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and vote. 
Yesterday, I met with some of our nation's top experts to discuss how we distribute a safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine. If I win this election, I know that there won't be a minute to waste. I'll get to work on day one implementing an effective distribution plan. 
Just days ago, the press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after tonight, it's clear we are very much alive — and we need your help to keep the momentum going.  Chip in to help us make the most of our big victory in South Carolina: 
RT @LatinosforObama: Today is the national launch of @LatinosforObama – become a part of it here:  #Latinos2012
Today, on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, let's remember all the work that remains and recommit ourselves to action: 
The Trump Administration is responsible for the largest reduction in federally protected land — it’s wrong. As president, I will reverse President Trump's actions and protect our precious federal lands for generations to come. #NationalPublicLandsDay  
Folks, it all comes down to this. We have just 50 days until the most important election of our lifetimes.  Make a plan to have your voice heard this November. 
VP Biden got a sunny welcome in the Sunshine State over the weekend: 
From firefighters to football players, the VP met some friendly North Carolinians and Virginians yesterday: 
In a few hours, Iowans will gather around the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. It’s a big responsibility—and we need everyone on #TeamJoe to show up and make their voices heard. Head to  to confirm your caucus location. 
Be one of the millions of Americans who vote before Election Day. Head to  for more information. 
When faced with crimes of hate and inhumanity, every person of conscience must speak out in support of #LGBT rights 
I'm grateful to have the endorsement of the @scj. The battle for the soul of this nation begins in Iowa — and I'm confident that together, we'll make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country. 
Our firefighters and teachers work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. They should not pay a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. #DemDebate
We need a president who believes in science.
Unions like @GoIUPAT are supporting their workers and communities during this pandemic. To build a stronger, more inclusive, and more resilient middle class after this crisis, we must encourage unionization. That starts with enacting the PRO Act. 
Jill and I greatly admire the work of @NobelPrize laureate @DenisMukwege and @PanziHospital for raising awareness and caring for survivors of sexual violence in eastern Congo. We must end impunity for perpetrators. #16Days
Favorite Joe photos, volume 1: 
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this country...No one man has the capacity to rip that apart. It’s too strong. We're too good. 
We can make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country — but we cannot do it without your help. Join our team today and let’s get to work: 
This campaign isn't just about winning votes.   It's about winning the heart, and yes, the soul of America. 
This virus won’t just go away because you want it to, Mr. President. It’s time for you to step up and do your job.
VP Biden, @arneduncan, and @CFPB’s Richard Cordray announce plans to make college more affordable: 
As Kierkegaard said, “faith sees best in the dark.” I've always believed that. This pandemic is keeping many communities apart, but we've still got to keep the faith. Jill and I are wishing a Happy Easter to all of the Orthodox Christians celebrating around the world. 
Decency, honor, respect, treating people with dignity, making sure that everyone has an even chance.  I'm going to make sure you get that. You haven't been getting it the last four years. 
Under this president, we’ve become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent.
When women like @DWStweets talk about their #breastcancer experience, it gives others hope. Congrats on a well-deserved Komen award. -Joe
Congratulations to President Tsai and the people of Taiwan for another successful election. You are stronger because of your free and open society. The United States should continue strengthening our ties with Taiwan and other like-minded democracies. 
Happy debate day! There’s still time to find a watch party near you: 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s why I’m running for president. 
"[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the spoon." -VP Biden
We only have 100 days left until the Iowa Caucus — and we need your help to organize and grow our team. Add your name to say you're ready to join the fight:  
Vote like your health care is on the ballot — because it is. 
These last few months have been a wake-up call for our nation. It's up to all of us to do the work to create that more perfect union we've always strived to be. I'm proud of @DemConvention for tonight's powerful conversation on racial justice. #DemConvention 
America's character is on the ballot. We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that happen. 
Donald Trump wants to style himself a wartime president against an invisible enemy — but he has surrendered the fight.  Instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, he has waved the white flag and retreated.
Health care is personal to me like it is for so many Americans. I promise you, as president, I will protect your family's health care as I would my own. 
Americans want us to cooperate. They want us to deliver results. That’s the choice Kamala and I will make. That's why I am pleased that today we were able to bring together business and labor leaders to make that choice with us.  We’re all Americans. Let’s get to work together.
Make no mistake, our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, there’s not a single thing we cannot do.
Las latinas son el corazón de nuestras comunidades y hoy en el Día de la equidad salarial de la mujer latina, reconocemos el hecho de que solo ganan 54 centavos por cada dólar que gana un hombre blanco.  Mi administración luchará para asegurar la igualdad salarial que se merecen.
.@KamalaHarris is about to take the debate stage –– but before she does, I need your help.  Will you chip in to make sure Kamala knows you’ve got her back as she takes on Vice President Pence? 
Joe's about to take the stage in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live: 
A favorite Joe photo: The President and VP walking together at a Chrysler plant in Indiana. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, it’s going to take everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If you live in New Hampshire, confirm your polling place by heading to  and make sure to get out and vote today. 
Couldn't have said it better myself. 
He thinks he’s being tough. Well, it’s easy to be tough when someone else is feeling the pain. How many farmers across Iowa and across this nation are facing the prospect of losing their business, of losing their farm because of Trump’s tariffs? #TeamJoe
Second: Few people in the country understand how bankruptcy hurts working families more than Elizabeth Warren. Today, I am fully endorsing and adopting her bankruptcy plan, which she called "Fixing Our Bankruptcy System to Give People a Second Chance."
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, our planet may never recover.
We're going to beat Donald Trump. Like a drum. Join us:  
Here’s the truth—Donald Trump turned his back on the middle class long before COVID-19. He cut taxes for the super-wealthy, drove U.S. manufacturing into a recession, and stacked the deck against hardworking Americans.  It's time we pick a different path. 
We owe a profound debt of gratitude to the health care workers on the front lines of this fight. I checked in with Monica, an ICU Nurse, to talk about how she's getting through this and to thank her for all she's doing: 
The Biden administration will make the largest ever investment in clean energy research and innovation to develop zero-carbon technologies, so America is the engine of the world’s clean energy economy. #DemDebate 
On March 6th, Donald Trump said: “Anybody that wants a test can get a test.”  It was a lie then, and it's still not true nearly two months later. It's a disgrace, and it's slowing efforts to reopen safely.  This administration needs to act immediately to surge testing nationwide.
On average, roughly 750 to 1,000 Americans are dying from COVID every day.  When Donald Trump was presented with that number, he said, “It is what it is.”  It is what it is because Donald Trump is who he is. 
George Floyd had a giving spirit. I see that in his family, I see that in his daughter.   George Floyd should be alive today. #DemConvention 
President Trump called India "filthy."  It's not how you talk about friends—and it's not how you solve global challenges like climate change.  @KamalaHarris and I deeply value our partnership—and will put respect back at the center of our foreign policy. 
The workers on the frontlines of this pandemic are making extraordinary sacrifices every single day. They deserve leaders who will listen and work as hard for them as they are for their communities. As president, that’s exactly what I’ll do. 
Every day is National Ice Cream Day in my book. 
The reviews are in—see what others are saying about VP Biden's win last night: 
I’m running for president to restore the backbone of this country — the middle class. And this time, everyone is going to come along.
Give it a rest, man. 
I urge President Trump to join me in saying that while peaceful protest is an important right — violence is wrong. Period.  If he can’t say that, then he is unfit to be President. 
Three — that's how many times President Trump asked foreign governments to interfere in our political process.  Why? Because he's scared. He knows Joe Biden will beat him like a drum. #DemDebate 
I’ve long said that America leads not by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.  I am proud to put forward this incredible team that will lead by example. 
Catch Vice President Biden and @Mariska during @USA_Network's SVU marathon today. #1is2Many #NotAlone
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
There is nothing moderate about what President Obama did with Obamacare. Nothing. Seven presidents tried to expand access to health care — the Obama-Biden Administration finally got it done. 
Governor @RicardoRossello’s resignation is a testament to the power of everyday people to effect change and a critical opportunity for Puerto Rico, which has been battered by natural disasters and corrupt governments for far too long. #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
This is my commitment to you: We will make sure every American has access to a free and safe COVID-19 vaccine.
RT if you agree the U.S. doesn’t need an outsourcer-in-chief: 
There's no question: we are neck and neck in Ohio — and with early voting underway and only 22 days until Election Day, there's no time to waste. Join us live from Cincinnati as we get out the vote: 
In times of crisis and division, a president should seek to calm and heal. But time and again, President Trump has chosen to further stoke the flames.  He is poison to the soul of our nation. 
Whether on the assembly line, at the grocery store checkout, or in the boardroom, every woman deserves to make every penny a man doing the same job makes. The #PaycheckFairnessAct will help us get there. Congratulations @rosadelauro and thank you for your leadership on this.
Barack and I will continue to do everything we can to keep police officers across the country on the beat. –Joe
Where are the tests? Where are the masks? Where are the ventilators?  The American people deserve answers, Mr. President. 
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico, our fellow citizens, in this moment of need. It’s unconscionable that so much of the hard work of disaster recovery continues to be left undone. We've got to deliver concrete support for Puerto Rico now before more lives are lost. 
Esta no es solo una campaña para vencer a Donald Trump - es un movimiento basado en los valores que definen nuestra nación: la honestidad, la decencia, y el tratar a todos con dignidad y respeto, mientras le damos la espalda al odio. Eso es lo que somos como estadounidenses.
These good boys are ready to build bark better. 
Keep the faith, folks.
One thing's clear: @TimKaine and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. –Joe #VPDebate
34 U.S. troops have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury after Iranian missiles struck their base in Iraq. Donald Trump brought us to the brink of war—then dismissed the injuries as “headaches.”  The idea that the commander in chief would take this lightly is disgusting. 
OFA Campaign Manager Jim Messina on why @BarackObama "clearly won tonight's debate": 
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines don’t belong on our streets. We must stand up to the @NRA and gun manufacturers—they don’t own this country. We the people own this country.
During a recent campaign stop in Ohio, VP Biden took an unexpected phone call. 
The newest #Obama2012 ad is a look at the progress we've made these last few years: 
There’s an #Obama2012 weekend of action coming up, and Joe wants you to get involved—see what’s going on in your town: 
At last night’s #DemDebate, I discussed my vision for the country and how I'll deliver tangible progress on the most pressing issues facing working families.  I refuse to postpone American possibilities any longer. There’s enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. 
VP on the GOP: “What they're proposing will not extend the life of Medicare. It will actually put the trust fund in jeopardy in 2016.”
We’re in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is preventing people from getting health care.  I can’t believe this needs to be said, but President Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment, and he needs to do it now. Lives are at stake. 
We have to transform education. We’ll provide universal Pre-K, triple Title I funding, raise teacher pay, double the number of mental health professionals in our schools, and eliminate disparities between rich and poor schools. 
President Trump called Arizona “a model for applying a science-based approach to the decreasing cases and hospitalizations without implementing a punishing lockdown.” He said Governor Ducey’s approach should be used by other states—but here’s what’s really happening in Arizona:
Folks, we have arrived at the final frontier of this election — and your support is more important than ever. Chip in to join us for a grassroots fundraiser as we boldly go into these last three weeks:  
Thank you, Massachusetts! 
I believe there's not a single thing the American people can't accomplish if we do it together. We're going to overcome these crises and emerge stronger than before.
America's commitment to Israel’s security must be unwavering. The Obama-Biden administration provided unprecedented levels of assistance, including for Iron Dome. But true peace and security for Israelis &amp; Palestinians requires a two-state solution. Trump has set us back.
I’m doing this for Gabby. I’m doing this for so many families who have lost a loved one to gun violence. We’re going to be on the right side of history. #DemConvention 
Here’s my promise to you: I’ll appoint a director who will actually go after financial predators and protect consumers. 
Iowans, on Feb. 3rd, you have a chance for a twofer. You can ruin Donald Trump's night, and you can ruin Senator Ernst’s, too. 
I’ve been very clear about what my health care plan would do: Build on Obamacare by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate. #DemDebate
We have the power to write the future we want for this country. One where health care is a right, we lead the world in the fight against climate change, we end our gun violence epidemic, and our government works for all — not just the powerful.  Let’s do it together.
The words of a president matter — and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19, pass blame onto others, and mislead the American people. I will do the opposite. 
I’m about to take the stage in Sumter, South Carolina. Watch live! 
The words of a president matter. 
I'm headed to eastern Iowa this week to talk with voters about our vision for the future. Head to  to RSVP to an event in your community.
El derecho al voto es el derecho más sagrado como estadounidense, y depende de nosotros hacer que se escuche nuestra voz en cada elección. Dirígete a  para registrarte para votar y envíalo a cinco amigos para que también se registren.
I believe the best way forward is to build on Obamacare with a Medicare-like public option for every single American who wants it. It's the best way to achieve universal coverage without raising taxes on the middle class. Read more: 
FACT: Romney has held investments in Chinese and Russian oil companies that were doing business with the Iranian energy sector.
“This is not a country of victims. This is a country where when people get knocked down, they get back up.” #VPinNH
We're just four days from the first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire, and we need all hands on deck to talk with voters before they head to the polls. Head to  to make calls to New Hampshire voters from wherever you are in the country.
Make your plan to vote early, folks. #VoteEarlyDay  
It’s time to sprint, then lean: Sign up to get out the vote this weekend.  
My Catholic faith drilled into me a core truth — that every person on earth is equal in rights and dignity. As president, these are the principles that will shape all that I do, and my faith will continue to serve as my anchor, as it has my entire life. 
Donald Trump is acting like a child who just can’t believe this pandemic has happened to him. 
Es hora de recordar quiénes somos. Somos estadounidenses: nos tratamos con dignidad, no dejamos a nadie atrás y no le damos cabida al odio.
Being middle class isn’t a number. It’s a value set. It’s about the issues that matter to every American family: a good education, economic opportunity, access to quality, affordable health care.  We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, ensure everyone comes along.
Our immigration system must be fixed without tossing our morals aside. This all starts by protecting DREAMers and recognizing the value of immigrants. #DemDebate 
As VP, Joe Biden stood shoulder to shoulder with President Obama to pass the Affordable Care Act, which:  ✅ Expanded coverage to 20 million add’l Americans ✅ Protected Americans with pre-existing conditions ✅ Expanded Medicaid to millions without access to health insurance 
Silence is complicity. Our children are listening. The time to speak out is now.
With just one week until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election. Head to  to sign up to help.
VIDEO: In Iowa, @BarackObama offers his thoughts on the Republican convention: 
I promise you if I'm elected, I won't waste any time getting this virus under control.  I'll call Dr. Fauci and ask him to stay on. I'll bring together top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward.  We'll get it done, together.
Dan Rooney embodied everything I was raised to believe being Irish meant – generosity, decency, warmth, dignity &amp; a truly genuine spirit.
High five.  
VP Biden on Romney: “He is totally out of touch with the reality of what ordinary Americans deal with every day. He does not get it.”
My faith is important to me because it gives me some reason to have hope and purpose. It took a long time for me to realize, but that purpose is the thing that has saved me. 
The rushed and unprecedented confirmation of Amy Coney Barrett as Associate Justice to the Supreme Court, in the middle of an ongoing election, should be a stark reminder to every American that your vote matters. 
Three years ago today, white supremacists descended on Charlottesville with torches in hand and hate in their hearts. Our president said they were "very fine people."   It was clear then, and it's clear now: We are in a battle for the soul of our nation, and we must win.
VP on Romney (1/2): “He called the President a protectionist for stepping up and stopping an unfair surge of Chinese automobile tires.”
Selma, thank you for welcoming me back into your community this morning. As we commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, we also recognize that the struggle for Black Americans to participate in democracy is not over. We have to fight for a more just, equal America—together. 
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health — it’s health. On #WorldSuicidePreventionDay, we must recommit to eliminating the stigma around mental health and ensuring everyone has access to the care they need.
Throughout my career I've witnessed the diversity of thought, background, and sentiment within the African American community. It's this diversity that makes our workplaces, communities, and country a better place.
Aretha Franklin was so much more than a great entertainer. She inspired. She gave hope. She was part of the soul of the civil rights movement. We won't see her like again.
The President’s plan to put cops and firefighters back to work would protect our nation’s “most basic obligation” to keep our citizens safe.
I’m running as a proud Democrat. But I will govern as an American president. 
.@JohnDelaney is a man of great character, and I'm honored to have his endorsement. Together, we'll beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. 
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. We’ve never fully lived up to that promise — and we can’t rest until we finally do.
Join Americans of faith who are supporting @BarackObama: 
I just stepped off tonight's #DemDebate stage, where I discussed my bold vision for our future and how I'll deliver real change for American families. It was a great night, but now I need your help – chip in $5 to keep our momentum going: 
The press and the pundits declared us dead — but tonight has made clear that we are very much alive. We're building the campaign that can unite the party and beat Donald Trump — but we need your help to do it.  Chip in to keep this momentum going: 
The decisions of the last few days should remind us all of the immense power of the Supreme Court — and the generational impact its justices can have.  We have the power to shape the Court's future this November — and we can’t forget that.
Because of the Affordable Care Act, 20 million Americans gained health insurance. Millions more gained critical protections. But the work isn’t over. As president, Biden won’t rest until everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they deserve. #DemDebate
It’s clear — we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. It’s time to pick our heads up and show the world who we are. We are the United States of America — there is nothing beyond our capacity.
At @UDBidenInst, we’re working on the pressing domestic policy challenges of our time. But we can't do it alone. I sat down earlier with our new Policy Board to discuss everything from quality jobs to climate change. Check out the whole team here: 
We need a president who will always choose to unite rather than divide, because there’s nothing we can’t accomplish when we do it together.
Power can't be taken or asserted, it flows from the people, and it's their will that determines who will be the President of the United States.
Relive election night in photos:  
“Wealthy people are good people… But one thing they don’t need is more tax breaks.” –VP Biden
VP Biden is back in Philadelphia and taking over @TheDemocrats' Instagram from the campaign trail. Follow along:  
Every year on the #FourthOfJuly, presidents, elected leaders, and everyday Americans come together at parades, bbqs, and baseball games to celebrate humankind’s highest ideal — liberty. That’s what we’re celebrating today in Iowa.
I’m more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we unite this country, America’s best days still lie ahead.  If you agree, chip in today: 
I'm more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a 29-year-old. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't do. 
Vice President Biden on the importance of electing senators who will come together and work for every American:  
You know who I am. You know who Donald Trump is.   The character of the country is on the ballot. 
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live: 
We can't just focus on the jobs of today — we have to also focus on the jobs and industries of tomorrow. I'll make a historic $300 billion investment in research and development that will spur innovation and help create 3 million jobs across the nation. 
Across the country, people are stepping up and doing incredible things amid this pandemic. It’s who we are as Americans—in times of crisis, we stand as one. For #SOULSaturday, I called a few folks to thank them for all they’re doing. Here are some of their stories:
.@DrBiden and I send our warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah in the United States and around the world. Chag Sameach!
We are at war with this virus — and the health care workers on the front lines are our soldiers. It is unacceptable that they don’t have the lifesaving masks, gowns, and protective gear they need. 
My administration will spark the second great railroad revolution to propel our nation's infrastructure into the future and help solve the climate emergency. 
I know if we come together there is nothing we can’t do. That gives me the strength to know we can defeat Donald Trump and once again put this nation on the path towards dignity and decency and justice. 
Thad Cochran was a friend and a true patriot in every sense of the word. Jill and I are sending our condolences to Thad’s family, he will be sorely missed.
Make no mistake, Obamacare is on the ballot this November. Coverage for millions of Americans and protections for pre-existing conditions are on the ballot.  We have to protect the progress we've made and show up to the polls to defend the Affordable Care Act. 
Small businesses are the backbone of communities across our nation, and we need to do so much more to help them. Donald Trump may have forgotten about them — but I never will. 
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better. We'll listen to the experts and heed their advice. And I will always tell you the truth.
.@realDonaldTrump, you want to talk about corruption? I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — release yours or shut up. 
Donald Trump hopes to split us into dueling camps, casting Democrats as doomsayers hoping to keep America grounded and Republicans as freedom fighters trying to liberate the economy.  It’s a childish tactic—and a false choice none of us should fall for. 
President Obama and I left President Trump a playbook on how to deal with pandemics. He flat-out ignored it. And we're suffering every day because of it.
21 years ago, Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime — an attack that shook the conscience of our nation. As we honor his memory, we must remember that members of the LGBTQ community — especially trans women of color — are still targeted with violence.
At 1:00 PM, I'll be speaking about the escalating situation with Iran and the imperative need to restore respected, responsible, and dignified leadership on the world stage. Tune in to watch live: 
Donate $30 or more and you’ll get a Cup of Joe mug along with a chance to join the VP for coffee on the campaign trail: 
"We will own the finish line in the 21st century. God love you, go out and vote, vote, vote!" —VP Biden   #votebluewi
Every single vote matters. Visit  and  to get ready for November! 
It was a privilege to work with @JulianCastro during the Obama Administration, and a true honor to be in this talented field of candidates with him. He led his historic campaign with grace and heart and used his platform to lift the voices of others. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
North Carolina was all smiles for VP Biden yesterday: 
I believe we're so much better than what we saw this week at the RNC.  This is our moment to choose love over hate, hope over fear, fact over fiction.  We'll overcome this era of American darkness, together. 
Unity. 
Today marks 50 years since the Stonewall uprising, where those brave individuals took a stand on Christopher St and changed our world forever. We must continue our fight for full LGBTQ equality until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve. #Stonewall50 
Patients need ventilators.  Nurses need equipment.  And Donald Trump is attacking people who dare to do something about it.   I thank God every day for people like @GovWhitmer, who are doing the work he won’t. 
Imagine a future where:  - Health care is a right - We end the gun violence epidemic - We combat climate change - Our government works for everyone  It’s a future that we can build — together.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our event in Waterloo! RSVP to join us tomorrow in Independence and Marshalltown:  
“We will fulfill the only truly sacred obligation we have as a nation—to equip those we send to war and care for them when they come home.”
Dr. Biden in MN: “I’m proud of this administration because I know that every single day, President Obama &amp; my husband are fighting for you.”
I ask all of America — not to deny our pain or cover it over — but to use it to compel our nation across this turbulent threshold into the next phase of progress, inclusion, and opportunity for our great democracy.
President Trump abused his power, violated his oath of office, and betrayed our nation. This is a solemn moment for our country. But in the United States of America, no one is above the law — not even the President.
President Obama and I left Donald Trump a booming economy — and he caused a recession. He squandered it just like he has everything else he’s inherited in his life.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. We’re going to make sure the next Secretary of Education is a teacher. 
Dining local in Independence, Iowa: 
We had a great day in Iowa talking about how we rebuild the backbone of our country — the middle class. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! 
I'm about to take the stage at the #2020GunSafety Forum in Las Vegas to discuss my track record of taking on the @NRA and my new plan to end our gun violence epidemic.   Read the full plan at  and then watch live: 
We need to restore honor and decency to the White House.
VP in NC: “They say they value education, but they make massive cuts in education—in early education, elementary, and secondary education.”
If you're excited too, join us at 3 PM ET: 
Here's the truth about Joe Biden's vote:  He wasn't opposed to the child care tax credit itself. He was opposed to this specific tax credit being made available to affluent people.
Chip in to help make it happen:  
.@KamalaHarris y yo no solo reconstruiremos las cosas como eran antes de estas crisis, sino que reconstruiremos un mejor país que antes, para crear una nueva economía estadounidense. Mira la explicación de mi amigo @JulianCastro. 
No corporation pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than our teachers and firefighters. It’s time corporations pay their fair share. 
Let’s keep the momentum from tonight’s #DemDebate going. If you’re on #TeamJoe, chip in $5:  
Before @BarackObama takes the stage tonight, watch his brother-in-law Craig relive another DNC speech: 
Folks, to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we'll be hosting a #SOULSaturday Rally tomorrow night! We may be physically apart, but I hope you'll join us in coming together at 7 PM ET:  
This is no time for incendiary tweets. This is no time to encourage violence.  This is a national crisis — and we need real leadership right now.
Republicans have savaged my only surviving son. They’ve spread lies about me that networks won’t even carry. It doesn’t matter if they go after me.  As President of the United States, I have to be able to not only fight — I have to heal. And that’s what I’ll do if I’m elected.
We must continue to speak Breonna Taylor’s name, support her family still in grieving, and never give up on ensuring the full promise of America for every American. 
In 2016, President Trump promised to reduce the trade deficit and said: "You will see a drop like you've never seen before."  The reality? It's the highest it's been in 12 years.  American workers can't afford another four years of his failed leadership. 
Pressuring the leader of another nation to investigate a political opponent — to help win an election — is not the conduct of an American President. 
Fred, it must not have been easy to sit there and listen to @realdonaldtrump lie. I’m proud of you for speaking truth to the abuse of power. 
Mr. President, you cannot extort foreign governments to help you win re-election. It’s an abuse of power. It violates your oath of office. And it jeopardizes our national security. I know you want to rig the primary and pick your opponent, but I’m not going anywhere. 
.@TheRevAl is a champion in the fight for civil rights. The fact that President Trump continues to use the power of the presidency to unleash racist attacks on the people he serves is despicable. This hate has no place in our country. It's beneath the dignity of the office.
Desde sus actos atroces con la separación de familias en nuestra frontera hasta su ignorancia con el pueblo puertorriqeño después del huracán María, el presidente Trump ha atacado la dignidad de las familias latinas una y otra vez.  Esto terminará cuando yo sea presidente.
Shamar –– thank you for your continued support and words of wisdom. I can’t wait to see what you accomplish. 
Vice President Biden has fought for women's rights his whole career:  ✓Wrote the Violence Against Women Act ✓Co-sponsored the Equal Rights Amendment 9 times ✓Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act: 1st Obama-Biden bill signed into law  ✓Co-sponsored the Pregnancy Discrimination Act
The cast of Hamilton knows we're engaged in a battle for this nation's very soul — and this election is too important to sit out. So they're coming together for a grassroots fundraiser tonight that you won't want to miss.  Chip in to reserve your spot: 
I couldn't be more excited to have my friend @BarackObama hitting the campaign trail to talk about what's at stake in this election.  As he said in Philadelphia, we can't just imagine a better future — we have to fight for it and vote like never before:  
Los EEUU fueron fundados con una simple frase: We the people. Nosotros el Pueblo. Me postulo para Presidente para unificar nuestro país y asegurar que alcancemos el ideal de nuestros fundadores. Únase este sábado en Filadelfia para lanzar nuestra campaña:  
It’s never a matter of if another pandemic will happen, it’s just a matter of when — and it’s the president’s job to ensure we’re ready.  Donald Trump's careless, shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared and now Americans are paying the price. 
No matter who you supported throughout the primary, I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. You’re not just wanted — you’re needed. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and transform this nation.  Join us:  
Let’s be clear about something: The depth of this job crisis is not attributable to an act of God — but to the failure of a President.
With each reauthorization, VAWA has become stronger.  The latest bill—passed by the House last year—would close loopholes allowing abusers to obtain guns and extend protections for Native women.  But Mitch McConnell refuses to bring it to the floor for a vote. It’s despicable.
We must not become a country at war with ourselves.  A country that accepts the killing of fellow Americans who do not agree with you. A country that vows vengeance toward one another.  But that is the America that President Trump wants us to be, the America he believes we are.
26 million people unemployed. That's not just a statistic  — every one is a life thrown into uncertainty. Every worker left wondering when they will next see a paycheck is part of this American crisis  —  and Donald Trump isn't doing enough for them. 
President Trump keeps promising to protect Americans with pre-existing conditions, but the truth is he’s in Court trying to rip their protections away.  And now, he’s trying to jam through the confirmation of a Justice who will help him get it done.  We can’t let him win.
The super-wealthy don’t need another tax cut. Period. 
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns — why hasn’t Donald Trump released his?  He is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had. 
Here's the deal: We can choose who our country works for. We can choose whether it works for just the wealthy — or everyone else as well.  That’s the choice we must make — all of us together — this November.
When America votes, America will be heard. And when America is heard, I believe the message is going to be loud and clear: It’s time for Donald Trump to leave the White House.
The Trump Administration’s “Infrastructure Weeks” are a joke — but our crumbling roads and bridges are not.  We need a transformational investment in America’s infrastructure and future:  
This Fourth of July, one of the most patriotic things you can do is wear a mask.
President Trump's Iran strategy is a self-inflicted disaster. Two of America's vital interests in the Middle East are preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and securing a stable energy supply through the Strait of Hormuz. Trump is failing on both counts.
Why Mitt Romney's Cold War mentality is out of date:  #RomneyNotReady
These young leaders represent not just the next generation, but the diversity of our great nation. #DemConvention 
LGBTQ+ rights are human rights. Period.
President Obama and I rescued the auto industry and helped Michigan's economy come roaring back.  Donald Trump squandered it — and hardworking Michiganders are paying the price every day. 
Let’s be clear: racism and hate have no safe harbor in America. We are stronger because of our diversity—not in spite of it.
One month until we can call @DrBiden our First Lady-Elect. 
Turns out Twitter isn’t so bad when you read tweets that aren’t from President Trump. 
This afternoon, I’m joining @PhillyAFLCIO at the #Workers2020 Summit to discuss how a Biden administration will rebuild America’s middle class and strengthen the right to organize and collectively bargain. Tune in: 
We can’t go back to the way things were before these crises, because things weren’t working for far too many Americans.  Tonight, we’ll discuss our plans to build back better and set this nation on a new path. 
We need more men like @terrycrews who will stand up and speak out. You’re helping change the culture, Terry. It matters. Thank you. 
Florida — today's decision to extend the voter registration deadline is a win for our democracy. If you haven't registered to vote yet, head to  before 7 PM ET tonight to do so.  This election is too important to sit out.
"This isn’t about taxing job creators. This is about helping job creators."—President Obama
Congress must do its duty to ensure that Donald Trump's assault on the Constitution does not seep beyond his presidency, with a lasting and devastating impact on our democracy. 
Every #MemorialDay, Jill and I remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service of our nation. Our troops are the heart, soul, &amp; spine of America—may we never fail to honor the memory of those who have fallen and ensure their spirit lives on in both our words and deeds.
"There has never been a more important tomorrow in the modern electoral history of the United States of America." -VP Biden with @timkaine
We have to end Citizens United, but we can't stop there. It's time we eliminate all private dollars from federal elections and return our democracy to the people.
The abuse of power is the defining characteristic of Donald Trump’s presidency — and Attorney General William Barr has helped facilitate it. He should resign immediately. 
RT if you agree we don’t need a President whose private-sector experience involved outsourcing U.S. jobs: 
“When you have the right to vote, you have the right to change things.”—VP Biden on the President’s commitment to voting rights
But they’ve only gotten more aggressive. Trump also promised that walking away would somehow lead to a better deal – instead, the predictable has happened: Iran is building back up its nuclear capability.
“The secret to getting through: Always be doing something.” 
Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to manufacture a smear against a domestic political opponent — the “transcript” made that clear. It’s an abuse of power that violates the oath of office and undermines our democracy.  Congress must hold him accountable.
We are the United States of America. We are strong and great because of our diversity — not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesn't get that. We need a president who does.
I know there are a lot of folks who want to write our campaign off already — but I’ve got news for them: We’re not going anywhere. There's too much at stake in this election.  I will fight for every last vote, but I can't do it without you. Chip in today: 
Overturning Citizens United isn’t enough. Ridding our politics of big money and corporate special interests demands more. We must go further.  I will introduce a constitutional amendment to get all private dollars out of our federal elections.
We need to make high-quality child care affordable and accessible. As president, I'll give every 3- and 4-year-old access to free, high-quality preschool. And low- to middle-income families won’t spend more than 7% of their income on quality care for children under age 5.
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: We're all created equal. We've never lived up to it — but we've never stopped trying. This Independence Day, let's not just celebrate those words, let's commit to finally fulfill them. Happy #FourthOfJuly! 
Two-thirds of Americans agree that we should ban assault weapons. As president, I will take on the @NRA and get it done. 
I have always believed you can define America in one word: Possibilities.    In America, everyone should be given the opportunity to go as far as their dreams and God-given ability will take them.
Despite what the @NRA says, the assault weapons ban that @SenFeinstein and I championed worked. It saved lives.   I’ll ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again. We will get these weapons of war off our streets. 
As many as 1 in 3 women is the victim of gender-based violence at some point in her life, and that rate is even higher for women of color, lesbian and bisexual women, transgender individuals, and other members of vulnerable or underserved communities.
Get to know Joe a little better before tomorrow's vice presidential debate: 
The first and most important part of my climate change plan: beating Donald Trump. 
Meet Marge—an Iowa volunteer for #Obama2012 who goes way back with the Vice President: 
.@TeamJoe here! We’re taking over to keep you in the loop on our campaign’s official kickoff in Philadelphia. If you aren’t already, head to  to tune in.
Folks, there's a lot at stake today. Make time to vote.  has everything you need to know. -Joe
I'm about to take the stage for tonight's town hall in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tune in to @CNN at 8 PM ET to watch live.
This election is about who we are and who we want to be. I believe we are a nation that welcomes those fleeing persecution and seeking asylum — not a nation that turns our back on them. 
I'll be in Cedar Rapids tomorrow with @Abby4Iowa and @FredHubbell to rally Iowans around reclaiming our democracy. Let us know you'll be there: 
I know we can beat Donald Trump in 2020—but we can’t do it without your help. We’re relying on grassroots donors like you to power this campaign and get our country back on track.  Chip in today to help us meet our November fundraising goal:  
Michigan’s response has far outpaced the federal government’s in this crisis. Gov. Whitmer is leading decisively, while you are live-tweeting her appearances on cable news.  We need a president who will do their job and lead this country. 
Folks, we're just hours away from our first end-of-month fundraising deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal and show Donald Trump we have what it takes to win in November.  If you're able, please chip in today: 
“Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Joe Biden and I'm in love with a teacher.”—VP Biden speaking at the NEA convention today
You heard a lot come out of President Trump’s mouth. Can you name one thing he said to actually make your life better?
Donald Trump keeps telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe.  Well, he is president — whether he knows it or not.
“There’s no quit in America.”—VP Biden in Minnesota this week: 
There are so many unsung heroes in our communities, especially in times of crisis. We owe Alassane and countless others a debt of gratitude — and I'll fight for them every day in the White House. 
America’s soul is rooted in the promise of opportunity. We must protect, support &amp; welcome refugees to keep that promise. #WorldRefugeeDay 
Not one missile or nuclear weapon has been destroyed, not one inspector is on the ground. If anything, the situation has gotten worse. North Korea has continued to churn out fissile material and is no longer an isolated pariah on the world stage.
.@GretaThunberg’s passion and courage have inspired millions and sparked a youth-led movement for change in every corner of the globe. This honor is well-deserved and serves as a reminder of the urgent, drastic action we must take to address the climate crisis. 
Every worker on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 deserves protections and accommodations that keep them and their families safe. I'm glad to see states stepping up to support folks — employers must do the same. 
Happy Easter! 
Thanks for watching. Stop stonewalling the Congress. Honor your oath. Respect the Constitution.  And speaking of taxpayers, I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns. You? 
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country run: I see you, and I promise I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of America. 
Let's go, #USMNT! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 
It’s sadly ironic that the State Department is now calling on Iran to abide by the very deal the Trump Administration abandoned.  By walking away from diplomacy, Trump has made military conflict more likely. Another war in the Middle East is the last thing we need.
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he has inherited in his life, he has squandered it. 
You can't defeat bigotry; it only hides. And when leaders give it oxygen — as Donald Trump has done — it comes roaring back.  We all have a moral obligation to stand up, speak out, and hold people accountable. 
Pitch in $5 to help this campaign fly.  
Nature knows. 
I'm incredibly grateful for everyone who has chipped in to help fuel this campaign — especially in times as tough as these. @EWarren and I called a few folks to thank them for their support: 
I know the American people will beat this. We’re brave and big-hearted. We’ve emerged stronger from every crisis that has tested us as a nation — and we will again.
The science is clear: we cannot wait to take action on climate change.  On day one, I’ll take unprecedented steps to rally the world and tackle this crisis head on. We can and will solve this — together. 
Jason - public service takes many forms, and bravely stepping forward today is exactly that. By sharing your story, you are saving lives. Others will get the help they need because of you.   Jill and I, and all of the Bidens, are with you, Diana, and True every step of the way. 
Vice President Biden stopped by to say thanks to firefighters in Salem, Ohio today. 
This Thanksgiving — and in anticipation of all the Thanksgivings to come — let us dream again. Let us commit ourselves to thinking not only of ourselves but of others. 
I’m even more optimistic about the future of our country than I was as a 29-year-old in the Senate. We are the United States of America — together, there is nothing we can’t do. 
Joe Biden has long believed that the US should narrow rather than broaden its military efforts in Afghanistan, and has for years advocated for ending the war responsibly. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars a year to sustain a stalemate. #DemDebate
Bernie Sanders voted against comprehensive immigration reform — and then went on TV with Lou Dobbs to brag about it.  Immigrants don't take our jobs. They create jobs. And we need a President who believes that to his or her core. #DemDebate 
So release the transcript of the call then. 
America’s story is full of barrier breakers who refused to accept the status quo — Katherine Johnson is among the finest. No hindrance — not racism, sexism, or even the force of gravity — was too tall a task for her. @DrBiden and I are keeping her loved ones in our hearts. 
La historia de los EE.UU. es la historia de gente común que hace cosas extraordinarias. Sé que unidos, y como una nación, nosotros somos más fuertes que este virus. Sé que superaremos esto y seremos más fuertes por ello, se lo prometo. No pierdan la fe. 
You have the power to prevent 2016 from happening again — but only if you vote.   
30 days.
John Lewis was a dear friend. He was the best of who we are and what we can become. And he held onto the promise of this country until his final breath. We miss you, John. #DemConvention 
As president, I will:  - Implement nationwide mask mandates - Ensure access to regular, reliable, and free testing - Accelerate the development of treatments and vaccines  I won’t waste any time getting this virus under control.
Every day that Donald Trump refuses to use the full power of the Defense Production Act further threatens American lives.
Tonight, I’m thinking of Breonna Taylor’s mother, Tamika Palmer. Today should have been her daughter's birthday. I've talked a lot about turning pain into purpose. But for Breonna and Tamika, it’s on us to find purpose. Our country needs to act — now. 
64 years ago today, freedom-loving Hungarians revolted against communist rule. Their spirit inspired the Prague Spring, Poland's Solidarity movement, and the fall of the Berlin Wall. As president, I'll always stand in defense of democracy and freedom at home and around the world.
We will pursue a trade policy that works for American farmers, transform our agriculture sector, triple funding for rural broadband, and bring cutting-edge manufacturing jobs to rural America.
To transgender and gender-nonconforming people across America and around the world: from the moment I am sworn in as president, know that my administration will see you, listen to you, and fight for not only your safety but also the dignity and justice you have been denied.
We are almost 330 million Americans who have to do what our president can’t. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for what—at our best—this nation believes.  If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of this nation.
Don’t let politics &amp; misinformation keep your loved ones from getting health insurance. Call/text them today to make sure they sign up!
I’m keeping in my prayers all of our friends and neighbors in Hurricane Iota’s path and those impacted by Hurricane Eta across Central America. The increasing frequency of these powerful storms is another reason that fighting climate change will be one of my top priorities.
We are better than this moment and so much better than this president. It's time we get up and take back our country. 
At last night’s first Democratic debate, I laid out why I’m running for president and my bold vision for the future. A vision built on uniting our country, because there's not a single thing the American people can’t do — together. #DemDebate 
We can't just build back to the way things were before these crises — we have to build back better.
Wrapped up our time in Detroit with a quick stop at Coney Island Restaurant for some lunch and great conversation with community members. 
The abuse of a child is one of the most heinous, despicable abuses of power imaginable. It is inexcusably poor judgment for a US Attorney to seek leniency for someone guilty of it. Secretary Acosta should provide his resignation immediately.
That's what we're capable of when we come together in service of something larger than ourselves. That's the America I have faith in.
Fifty years ago today, in every corner of our country, Americans gathered together to watch our nation put three astronauts on the moon. For a moment, we all held our breath together, knowing we were about to bear witness to a first for mankind.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this nation – the middle class. And this time make sure everyone comes along, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, or disability.
I remember when we had a president our children could look up to. 
Trump made this decision on a whim, after a phone call with Turkish President Erdogan. There was no process. No consultation with our military, our diplomats, or our allies. Trump got rolled, plain and simple, because he has no idea what he's doing.
I stand with the working men and women of @Culinary226 because supporting labor means supporting our unions.  
If you’re sick, if you’re struggling, if you’re worried about how you’re going to get through the day — we will not abandon you.  We will not leave you to face these challenges alone. 
.@DrBiden and I had a great afternoon at the Iowa State Fair where we talked with folks about our bold vision for the country. I stopped for some ice cream, too. 
We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay — and it’s our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home.  Thank you to all who have served — on Veterans Day and every day. 
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change — and time is running out to address it. We have to take unprecedented action here at home and rally the world to tackle this crisis head on.   Read the full plan: 
Our children's future and the success of America stands on the shoulders of public school educators. Educators deserve to have fair wages and the resources they need to be able to do their jobs. 
This attack from Senator Gillibrand has been two weeks in the making, and it STILL isn’t accurate. Let's set the record straight:
“This election is personal to me. And it’s not just because my husband’s name is on the ballot.”—Dr. Jill Biden in MI
It’s long past time President Trump and his wealthy friends paid their fair share in taxes.
President Trump can avoid talking about climate change all he wants, but it doesn’t change the fact that it is real, is here, and requires our urgent action.  We can't afford four more years of a climate change denier in the White House. 
.@Cher — thanks for the kind words. I’m in Vegas this week. Let me know if you need an opener! 
We are a nation in pain right now, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us.   As President, I will help lead this conversation — and more importantly, I will listen, just as I did today visiting the site of last night's protests in Wilmington. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Laconia and New Castle. As I discussed this evening, we’ve got to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic. That starts with passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. 
Here's a path forward to choose a future that puts work first: 
Here’s the truth: Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he’s inherited in life, he squandered it.
These kids and their families suffered unimaginable horror and loss. This past weekend—7 years to the day of the Sandy Hook massacre—they won the state championship.  They give me hope, and can teach us all a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy. 
Jill and I are devastated to hear about last night’s shooting in Kansas City. No one should ever have to fear that they, or their loved ones, may not return home due to senseless violence.  We must come together as a country to put an end to these tragedies once and for all.
The Iran Deal put Iran's nuclear program in a box. Trump walked away from the deal, and now Iran is advancing its program. This is another reminder that Trump's manufactured crisis is making the U.S., the region, and our world less safe. 
Donald Trump knew.  He lied to us for months.  And while a deadly disease ripped through our nation, he failed to do his job — on purpose.  It was a life or death betrayal of the American people. 
I will rejoin the Paris Climate Accord on Day One. But that’s not sufficient.  I’ll immediately get to work leading a diplomatic initiative to get every nation to go beyond their initial commitment—to push our progress further, and faster.   
“The Romney-Ryan budget calls for massive cuts in elementary and secondary education.”—VP Biden in Eau Claire, WI
It was good to be back in New Hampshire! Thank you to everyone who came out to join us in Hampton, Manchester, and Nashua. 
I'm incredibly honored by @SpeakerPelosi's endorsement and grateful for her historic leadership in Congress.   Together, we helped pass Obamacare and together we can not only bring this country back from the brink from this current crisis, but transform it. 
.@BarackObama led our nation back from the brink of economic collapse. He rallied the world to take on the scourge of terror and the threat of climate change. When he tells you that our democracy is on the line this fall: listen. Vote.  
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — and we can protect it by restoring the Voting Rights Act, stopping foreign interference in our elections, fighting back against gerrymandering and calling for automatic voter registration. #LetUsVoteFL 
I’ve put together a checklist for making the economic relief and recovery effort work for families, workers, and small businesses. I encourage President Trump to adopt any and all of the ideas. 
Donald Trump called our troops’ traumatic brain injuries “headaches.”   If my son had still been there in Iraq, I’d have been so damn angry.   Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day. #DemDebate
The President’s having a birthday party in Chicago next month, and you’re invited: 
We should also increase monthly Social Security checks by $200/month, as proposed by Senator Wyden and colleagues. Seniors and people with disabilities are uniquely at risk right now.
VP Biden in Ohio: “They said last night that things weren’t getting better. I guess they don’t know what’s happening here in Lordstown.”
Iran’s cruel execution of Navid Afkari is a travesty. No country should arrest, torture, or execute peaceful protestors or activists.   Iran must free its other political prisoners, including Nasrin Sotoudeh, and release unjustly detained Americans. 
Donald Trump is a threat to the future of our planet. Over the last year, he has rolled back regulations on:  - Methane leaks - Auto pollution - Clean water protections  - Endangered species protections  We have to get him out of the White House. 
The Affordable Care Act An assault weapons ban The Violence Against Women Act  There is no one in this race who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do. I know what it takes to get the job done.
Mitt Romney’s tax plan would raise taxes on the average middle-class family—find out how it would affect yours: 
The presidency is about a lot more than tweeting from your golf cart. It requires taking on the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Donald Trump simply wasn’t prepared for that. I promise you I will be.
I'm married to a teacher, I see firsthand how difficult it is. We've got to let educators do their job so our students can succeed - that means paying them the salaries they deserve and giving them the respect that they've earned. 
Tune in as I address the nation on the economic crisis and the latest jobs report: 
Think of how many small businesses could have been helped with the $47 million that went to private jet companies owned by wealthy Trump donors. It’s ridiculous.  We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected. 
So it’s up to us. We’re living through a rare moment in this nation’s history. Where our president isn’t up to the moment. Where our president lacks the moral authority to lead. Where our president has more in common with George Wallace than George Washington.
They're rooting for chaos and violence because they think it helps them win a second term.  Now ask yourself, is that really who you think should be running the country? 
I'm about to take the stage at the @NAACP Presidential Candidates Forum. Watch live! 
VP Biden’s son, @BeauBiden, on the promises President Obama has made—and kept—to our veterans: 
Every few weeks when he needs a distraction from the latest charge of corruption in his staff — or the conviction of high ranking members of his administration — Donald Trump announces it’s “Infrastructure Week.”  He's never delivered. I know how to get it done.
The best thing you’ll read today: 
Two years ago, Donald Trump withdrew from the Iran Deal. This week, he vetoed a war powers resolution that would've prevented him from starting a war with Iran without Congressional consent. His decisions have increased the risk of war in the Middle East. 
Our campaign is off to a great start thanks to thousands of Americans who have made donations. If you haven’t had the chance just yet, I hope you will join us too! Head to  to make a donation today. #Joe2020
“If we pour all our efforts into these 13 days, if we vote up and down the ticket like never before, then we will not only elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, we will also leave no doubt about what this country that we love stands for.” — @BarackObama   
America has to be about the possibilities of prosperity.   Not just for the privileged few. But for the many — for all of us.
It’s time we reward work — not just wealth.
Joined today @UDBidenInst by one of the most brilliant public servants I’ve ever worked with: @ErnestMoniz. By investing in basic infrastructure, we have a tremendous opportunity to lead the world in clean energy. Watch our discussion here at 12pm: 
Losing a loved one is incredibly difficult, but it’s even harder when you’re not able to be with them in their final moments — and that’s what’s happening around the country because of the coronavirus. It’s heartbreaking, and I’m keeping everyone affected in my prayers. 
Today far too many transgender youth continue to face rejection at home and discrimination in their communities. Check out the work @bidenfoundation is doing with @lgbtmap and @genderspectrum to support these young people:   #AdvancingAcceptance
This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I recommit to ensuring domestic violence is treated like the crime it is, and to ensuring survivors receive the support they need. I've spent my entire career fighting domestic abuse — and will continue that fight as president. #DVAM
Jill and I send our prayers to the people of Greece and Turkey following today’s earthquake. We’re grateful for the brave rescuers saving others, and for the governments of Greece and Turkey putting aside their differences to support each other.
I've taken on the @NRA and beaten them — twice. And I'll do it again as president because everyone should need to pass a background check to buy a gun. 
Thank you, Alabama! 
President Obama bet on Ohio workers, and now manufacturing’s making a comeback—get the facts in this new report: 
I know times are tough, but I want you to know you're not alone. We're all in this fight together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before.
Spent yesterday afternoon in Plymouth, NH, discussing how we build our Clean Energy Revolution. Under our bold new plan, the United States will be a 100% clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050.  Read more here:  
It’s estimated that nearly another 200,000 Americans could lose their lives by the end of the year because of this virus.  Enough. No more.  Let’s set the partisanship aside. Let’s end the politics. Let’s follow the science.
“It’s vastly more effective than voting late.” Watch VP Biden’s top 10 reasons to vote early on @Late_Show: 
Our nation’s veterans speak for themselves. 
We asked people to share how teachers and first responders have impacted their lives—and the responses poured in: 
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes and attack the progress we’ve made on climate change. It’s unacceptable.   In a Biden Administration, we’ll turbocharge our efforts to achieve a 100% clean energy economy. 
Four days ago, the President of the United States suggested that four elected members of Congress, all women of color, ought to "go back" to the countries "from which they came." And every day since he has repeated this ugly, racist refrain.
We can build a future where:  - Health care is a right - We end the gun violence epidemic - We combat climate change - Our government works for everyone  Vote. 
We're in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for stop three of the Build Back Better Express Tour. Tune in now to watch. 
In the wake of COVID-19, working families across the country are facing a whole new set of challenges. This afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall to listen to folks' concerns and discuss what we should be doing to deliver relief.  Tune in at 5:30 PM ET:  
We can’t forget that in the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is trying to gut Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's morally reprehensible.
Donald Trump’s own staff admits that he fails the most important test of being the American President: the duty to care — for you, for all of us. 
Tune in to  tomorrow at 10:30am ET—we’ll be streaming VP Biden’s national security speech from NYU.
Tonight is yet another reminder of what's at stake in this election.   Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be — it's all on the ballot this November.  We have to beat Donald Trump. Chip in to help us do it: 
Let’s put dogs back in the White House. 
Today’s the day, Iowa! Confirm your caucus location at  and make a plan to arrive by 6:30 PM CT. 
Honor and decency are on the ballot this November. 
All Donald Trump can see from Park Avenue is Wall Street.  He thinks the economy is doing well if the Dow Jones is doing well.  Believe it or not, Mr. President, most Americans don't live off the stock market.
The stakes couldn't be higher this November. Time and time again, Donald Trump has failed the people of Puerto Rico.  As President, I'll spur economic development on the island and expand access to health care.
There was only one candidate onstage who has the experience—from Scranton, PA, to the White House—to hit the ground running as President. And that candidate is Joe Biden. #DemDebate
Trump opposed sanctioning China’s government over its atrocious human rights violations to protect his hollow trade deal and serve his own personal interests.  Where Trump has been weak, I will be strong, clear, and consistent in standing up for America's values and its people. 
Meet ’n greet in Lakewood, Ohio: 
Donald Trump’s surrender to the pandemic has led to a resurgence of the virus and more economic pain and anxiety for millions of Americans.   After six months of a nation in crisis, he still has no plan to get us through. But I do: 
It seems the way to get fired by President Trump is not to commit wrongdoing, but to investigate it. 
Minnesota — early voting is now open! Don’t wait until March 3rd to cast your ballot, head to the polls and be one of the first in the nation to make your voice heard in the primary.  Find everything you need to know here:  
I've stood up to bullies my entire life, and I'm ready to stand up to the one in the White House. I hope President Trump heard that message loud and clear when he saw this ad air during Fox &amp; Friends this morning. 
VIDEO: See how Mitt Romney’s pledge to “get rid of” Planned Parenthood would impact women’s health care. 
To our nation's fallen troops: we thank you and will never forget. To their families: remember, you are never alone.
We need to face the facts on climate change: it’s already here and it poses an existential threat to our future.   There is no time to waste. On day one, I’ll take the bold action necessary to protect our planet for future generations. 
“Like generations before us, you didn’t lose faith. You fought back. You didn’t give up, you got up.”—VP Biden
I’m about to step on stage for tonight’s #DemDebate in Iowa. Make sure to follow along here and on @TeamJoe for updates throughout the night, and tune in to @CNN at 9 PM ET to watch live!
In 2009, the Obama-Biden administration made a big bet on rescuing the US auto industry. It paid off:  -More than 646,000 auto jobs -Auto production doubled in the US -Auto sales hit an all-time high  Detroit was on the front lines of that recovery. #DemDebate
"History says, don't hope On this side of the grave. But then, once in a lifetime The longed-for tidal wave Of justice can rise up, And hope and history rhyme." - Seamus Heaney 
Thank you to @Everytown and @MomsDemand for hosting today’s #GunSenseForum.  As I said this afternoon, spread the faith. Talk with friends and neighbors about what's happening in America. Demand change. Because together, we can and will end our gun violence epidemic. 
.@KamalaHarris is the daughter of proud immigrants—a mother from India and a father from Jamaica—who raised her to take action. That’s exactly what this moment calls for: action. And we hope you’ll take action with us:  
We can’t just build things back to the way they were — we’ve got to build America back better. Tune in as I deliver remarks on how we're going to invest in infrastructure and clean energy and create millions of jobs in the process: 
I took on Paul Ryan's cuts to Medicare and Social Security — to his face. #DemDebate 
I promise you that @DrBiden and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for America’s educators and students. 
I got to meet Lou Brock back in March. I joked that I had really just come to St. Louis to see him—and let me tell you, our meeting was a real highlight. Lou was a true legend and a man of integrity. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers during this difficult time. 
It has been a month since this tweet. 
After another night of unrest in America, I’m hosting a virtual roundtable with mayors from across the country to discuss where we go from here. Tune in: 
I heard it's #NationalDessertDay 
Joe Biden has received more than 100 endorsements from community leaders around the country, including Detroit's own @MayorMikeDuggan. #DemDebate 
"We have to rebuild the infrastructure in this country." -VP Biden talking #RebuildAmerica in St. Louis yesterday. 
The Trump Administration is trying to eliminate protections for LGBTQ workers that President Obama and I put in place. It’s wrong.  As president, I’ll ensure every American is treated with dignity and respect—regardless of who they are or who they love. 
If you’re sick or struggling or worried about how you’ll get through the day: I want you to know that I see you, and I won’t forget you.  You can count on me to fight for you every day in the White House.
Today, @DrBiden and I are mourning the death of our dear friend, Annie Glenn. Her long life was filled with great love and great meaning, with purpose and her own brand of uncommon courage. 
We have so much to be thankful for — today and every day. Happy Thanksgiving to those serving overseas who can’t be home with family, and to Americans in every corner of the country. We hope your day is filled with family and friends, laughter, and gratitude. 
I’m not going to be distracted by all of President Trump's lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. I’m going to stay focused on the issues that matter to you—because action cannot wait when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate.
Joe told @CARandDRIVER about his passion for cars—and why President Obama’s auto industry rescue was the right move: 
The next president will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize our country and our allies to rapidly meet new challenges — like future pandemics.  We need a leader who will be ready on day one. 
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how unfit he is to lead our country. We cannot give him eight years in the White House.
Donald Trump is unfit to lead our nation. But don’t just take my word for it... 
We’re officially kicking off our campaign with a rally in Philadelphia on Saturday, May 18th! RSVP to join us by heading to 
President Obama is visiting Ohio this week—check out highlights from the VP’s trip to the Mahoning Valley last month: 
VP in Iowa: “You have early voting in this state. It’s already underway. You don’t have to wait till Election Day, so elect us today.”
Action can’t wait when it comes to gun safety reform, health care, and immigration. We need a leader with the proven ability to unite the country and get big things done. 
“Donald Trump hasn’t grown into the job because he can’t.” 
Home health workers do God’s work, but aren’t paid much. They have few benefits, and 40% are still on SNAP or Medicaid. It's unacceptable.  I'll give caregivers and early childhood educators a much-needed raise.
#Juneteenth reminds us of how vulnerable our nation is to being poisoned by systems and acts of inhumanity—but it's also a reminder of our ability to change. Together, we can lay the roots of real and lasting justice, and become the extraordinary nation that was promised to all.
With just 100 days until the New Hampshire primary, we need your help to grow our grassroots team and talk with voters in every corner of the Granite State.  Join us:  
One of the best shines I’ve ever had. 
Older adults are especially vulnerable to COVID-19. Recognizing that, Erica decided to organize youth in her community to buy groceries for seniors — ensuring they receive the food they need while staying safe at home. She's a true hero.
These racist acts have got to stop. No one should be targeted for what they look like, where they or their ancestors come from, or who they are.  COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming together—not by targeting people of AAPI heritage. 
180,000 people have died from this COVID crisis. And the heartbreaking truth is that it didn't have to happen this way.
President Trump withheld Congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor. It's the definition of quid pro quo.  This is no joke—Trump continues to put his own personal, political interests ahead of the national interest. He must be impeached. 
Tomorrow, I’m heading to Iowa with @DrBiden to talk with voters about our bold vision for the future. We hope you’ll come out and join us! Head to  to RSVP. 
If President Trump is successful in forcing through his nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court, it will likely repeal the ACA and 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions will lose their protections.   Vote like your health care depends on it. Because it does. 
“60 days into the coronavirus crisis, the White House does not have a plan, a framework, a philosophy, or a goal.”  Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents don’t. 
This election is about so much more than policy. The character of our country is on the ballot. And @KamalaHarris and I will work every day to bring this country back together — fighting as hard for those who don’t support us as those who do. 
I’m running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone — the middle class, and unify all Americans.  If you’re with me, join us: 
House Democrats have passed legislation to:   - Enact universal background checks - Reauthorize VAWA  It’s time for @senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring these bills up for a vote. 
With nearly 2 million Dominicans and their families in the U.S., we have so much to celebrate on Dominican Republic Independence Day! The everyday contributions of Dominican Americans to our country has enriched our lives and made us stronger.
Big GOTV weekend, folks. Wish I could bring a slice to every one of you knocking on doors and picking up phones! -Joe 
It has been 219 days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill. Every day since, @senatemajldr McConnell has refused to bring it up for a vote.  Enough. How many more Americans must die for Senate Republicans to stand up to the @NRA and take action?
President Trump has decided that we don't have the power or the political will to hold him accountable. He's not just testing us — he's laughing at us.  We must prove him wrong. He must be impeached. 
As you head to the polls today, here are a few things to keep in mind. 
Ignore the polls.  We’ve got work to do:  
.@McCreadyForNC is precisely the kind of leader that North Carolina deserves: one who'll put country over party, who's brought jobs to his community, and who will protect coverage for those with preexisting conditions — not dismantle it to cut taxes for the rich.
I believe every American deserves to retire with dignity.   
I don’t see our country in terms of blue states and red states. We are the United States. 
Maryland and New Mexico — if you plan to vote by mail, today is the last day to request your absentee ballot.  Head to  before it's too late.
This pandemic has gotten bad enough that even Donald Trump finally decided to wear a mask in public.  I’m glad he made that shift — but it’s not enough.  We need real presidential leadership. Right now. 
Folks, earlier today I announced that I’m running for President of the United States. The strength of this movement depends on you. Head over to  to make a donation today. #Joe2020
MT @adamsmithtimes: Obama campaign confirms Joe Biden in Fla next week during GOP convention
When I hear 200,000 deaths, I think of the empty chairs at dining room tables all across the country, which just months ago were filled by loved ones.  It didn’t have to be this bad.
15 years ago, I worked to help pass the North Korea Human Rights Act. We made our values clear to the brutal regime in Pyongyang. Trump has instead made excuses for the dictator in the North and refuses to appoint a special envoy for human rights in NK. It is disgraceful.
I know we are up to this challenge. The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this — together.
Every morning I get up, I think to myself, "Is Beau proud of me?" He’s the one who made me promise to stay engaged — and that promise guides me every day. 
Thanks to supporters like you, we are on track to have our biggest fundraising day ever. Together, we can win this.  Join us. 
DREAMers are Americans — and it’s time we make it official. We must keep our promise to them and provide a pathway to citizenship. 
Donald Trump has turned our country into a battlefield riven by old resentments and fresh fears. He thinks division helps him.  I ask every American to look at where we are now, and think anew: Is this who we are? Is this who we want to be? 
The American people deserve to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee is. 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to keep our troops safe when we send them into battle — and to care for them when they come home. We need a president who will honor that obligation. 
With his words and with his actions, President Trump has indicted himself.  He should be impeached.
The decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court affect our everyday lives — and the American people deserve to have their voices heard when it comes to who serves on the Court. Tune in as I deliver remarks on President Trump’s nomination. 
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a public health crisis. 
As president, I’ll lead America to become the world’s clean energy superpower.   
Our children are our future, it’s time we start investing in them from birth. 
There are world-class candidates running at all levels in this election. Vote down the line for Democrats who will keep us moving forward. 
It’s abundantly clear that this virus isn’t going to just “fade away,” Mr. President. It’s time for you to step up, take action, and lead. 
.@BarackObama, @MichelleObama, VP Biden, and Dr. Jill Biden—together again on the campaign trail! Follow @OFA_NH and @OFA_IA for the latest.
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT prosecute asylum seekers, or those coming here in search of opportunity. #DemDebate
Dr. Biden: “So many issues I care deeply about are all at stake here in 2012.’
President Trump is trying to hijack this election. We cannot let him get away with it.
3,820 days — that's how long it's been since the federal minimum wage was last raised. It’s unacceptable. Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour nationwide should be just our starting point for ensuring workers receive the pay they deserve. 
You won't have to worry about my tweets when I'm president.
It’s not enough to be against the way Donald Trump conducts himself — we have to be against the way he assaults the dignity of women, people of color, and immigrants.
Today, I was glad to be back amongst friends at the @IowaAFLCIO convention. These folks are the ones who built the middle class, and we’re going to rebuild it together. 
It’s the same cynical playbook he returns to again and again. But this time it won’t work, because the American people know me—and they know him. I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against Trump’s lack of integrity any day of the week.
Wealthy firms with ties to Trump got millions, while countless small businesses were turned away. No wonder he wanted no one to watch how the money was deployed.  The American people deserve rigorous oversight — and small businesses deserve relief. Now. 
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products &amp; support American jobs.  But under Trump, the rate of federal contractors offshoring jobs more than doubled. It's unacceptable.  I'll invest $400 billion in American-made products &amp; keep jobs here at home. 
Lt. Col. Vindman is an American patriot. #DemDebate 
As Vice President, Biden was a champion for efforts to implement the federal mental health parity law, improve access to mental health care, and eliminate the stigma.   As president, he'll enforce our mental health parity laws and expand funding for mental health services.
Senator @BernieSanders' attacks on my record on Social Security are a bunch of malarkey — and @PolitiFact agrees.  We should be focused on going after Donald Trump — not fellow Democrats. #DemDebate 
“It’s really, really important that we elect @Maggie_Hassan.” –VP Biden  
We must get Donald Trump out of office. Once we do, the road is clear for significant change. #LJ19 
Read the VP's letter to the President on how job training will provide #OpportunityForAll:  
Dreamers are Americans. We should never endanger or throw into question their ability to contribute to our nation, but to do so in a moment of national crisis is beyond misguided. 
President Trump’s trade war is reckless, and hurting our farmers every day. 
Progress is possible. 
Under Donald Trump’s leadership, we have become weaker and sicker. Tune in as I discuss how I’ll get this virus under control and ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care. 
It’s time Senate Republicans back their effusive praise of John Lewis with action. Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act.
This week, the Trump Administration is set to argue before the Supreme Court that it’s legal to discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love. It’s a dangerous attack on the civil rights of LGBTQ Americans and everything we stand for.
It’s important to have a plan that meets the urgency of this climate crisis. But it’s going to take more than plans—it’s going to take leadership. Biden has the relationships with key foreign leaders and the experience to get this done. #DemDebate
In 8 days, we’re going to take our democracy back.
Grateful to everyone who attended our town hall at Clinton College. As I discussed this morning, we need to stand up to President Trump’s constant attacks on immigrants and end his inhumane policies. We’re stronger because of our diversity — not in spite of it. 
This new enemy may be unseen, but we have the tools, the expertise, the will, and the spirit to defeat it. There is nothing the American people can't accomplish if we work together.
It’s always good to be back at the Galivants Ferry Stump! 
Wearing a mask is not a political statement. 
Climate change is an existential threat to our future—staying in #ParisAgreement is the best way to protect our children &amp; global leadership
Every day I hear from folks who tell me how important health care is to their families — well, it's deeply personal for President @BarackObama and me, too. I'll fight to protect and build on Obamacare and make sure everyone gets the care they need.  Watch our conversation: 
One day left — and we're leaving it all on the field. Tune in as we get out the vote in Cleveland. 
Donald Trump ran for office saying he would represent the forgotten men and women of this country — and as soon as he got in office, he forgot about us.
RT if you agree: Our economy grows from the middle out and the bottom up—not from the top down. 
Hey everyone, @TeamJoe here! We’re taking over for tonight’s #DemDebate to give you the facts about Joe’s record on the issues and vision for our country. Stay tuned!
It’s been just two months since John Deere laid off 160 workers in the Quad Cities in part because of President Trump’s reckless trade war—and now, a second round of layoffs is expected in the same community.  Trump’s failed policies are destroying American jobs.
RT if you agree with VP Biden: 
How many more people have to suffer because of President Trump's lies? 
Planned Parenthood helps women and individuals get the health care they need — especially preventive services like cancer screenings, mammograms, checkups, and contraception.  Thank you to @PPact for having me at today’s #WeDecide Forum to discuss these important issues. 
South Carolina, I’m heading your way this weekend to talk with you about how we’ll build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along. Head to  to RSVP for an event in your community.
Count every vote.
Donald Trump continues to cozy up to Russia while Putin persecutes civil society and journalists.   Now, opposition leader Alexei Navalny is in a coma after being poisoned. It's unacceptable.   Unlike Trump, I'll defend our democratic values and stand up to autocrats like Putin. 
No one is going to take our democracy away from us. Not now, not ever.  America has come too far, fought too many battles, and endured too much to let that happen.
To all the Dreamers who make our country better and stronger every single day: Thank you. This country needs you. #HomeIsHere 
If Donald Trump ever makes you feel like this, chip in $5 to help us get him out of the White House:   
There is no national security justification for further traumatizing sick kids at their most vulnerable. Like all bullies, Trump is purposefully targeting the little guys—but I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer and cystic fibrosis were off-limits.
Happy #NationalIceCreamDay! I hope everyone enjoys some ice cream on this hot summer day. I’ll be eating a pint of chocolate chip myself. 
“It's never been a good bet to bet against America!”—VP Biden in Zanesville, OH 
Hey everyone — @TeamJoe here! We’re taking over @JoeBiden’s account while he’s on stage for tonight’s Democratic debate. Throughout the evening, we’ll be giving you the facts on Joe and his record. #DemDebate
To all of you working to stop Republicans’ devastating “health” bill: Thank you. We’re not done yet. Please keep going.
In this case, all Trump achieved was a mere promise to restart working-level negotiations — negotiations that should have never ended.
Let's win this thing, Pennsylvania! 
Glad to hear @UNITEHERE11 and Sodexo reached a tentative agreement that provides workers with the wages and benefits they deserve. I look forward to joining the debate tomorrow to discuss how I'll strengthen our unions and build an inclusive middle class. 
My Dad used to say, "don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value." Your 2020 budget cuts Social Security and Medicaid while protecting giveaways to the wealthiest. You've shown us what you value. 
Two Delaware civil rights champions on the Joe Biden they know, and why they're proud to stand by him and call him a friend: 
Today is #ElectionDay, and this election is bigger than politics. Today we have a chance to reclaim our American ideals and take this country back. 
We don’t need to treat migrants from Central America with cruelty to strengthen US border security. We need personal, high-level engagement from the White House to press Northern Triangle leaders for progress and support to make their home countries prosperous and secure. 
Imagine all the progress we can make in the next four years. With Donald Trump out of the way, we can make affordable health care a right, lead the fight on climate change, and ban assault weapons.  It's all possible. And it starts tonight in Iowa. 
Folks, a lot of you have been asking when I’m announcing my running mate, and I promise I’ll let you know soon. But here’s what I can tell you right now: I’m going to tell my supporters first — so text FIRST to 30330 to be the first to know.
Donald Trump is the worst president we've ever had.
I have spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power.  Donald Trump has spent his entire career abusing his power.
While other nations worked around the clock to get this virus under control, our president was too busy tweeting and golfing.  Now, nearly 200,000 Americans have died.  It didn’t have to happen this way. 
Yesterday, Trump tried to attack me at his campaign rally by saying I abandoned Pennsylvania.  I’ve never forgotten where I came from. My family did have to leave Pennsylvania when I was 10 — we moved to Delaware where my Dad found a job that could provide for our family.
Look who voted yesterday! Commit to join him by voting in this year's election:  #IWillVote 
Go to: 
Folks, we're just one week from Election Day, and we can't get complacent. Our campaign is working to reach voters across the country until the very last ballot is cast. We can't afford to fall short.   If you're able, please chip in now: 
For this episode of Here’s the Deal, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jon Meacham joined me to discuss presidential leadership and what it should look like in times of crisis.  You can listen to the full episode at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
We are in a battle for the soul of the nation.  And you have the ultimate power to determine the outcome: your vote.   Use it. 
Character is on the ballot.  Vote:  
South Carolina lawmakers are rushing through an extreme law that is a direct violation of a woman’s constitutional right to choose. It’s wrong, it’s dangerous, and we must fight it. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor. 
This morning, I’ll be in my hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plans to build a middle class where everyone comes along. Tune in at 10:00 AM ET to watch live: 
The presidency, itself, is not a partisan institution. It's the one office in the nation that represents everyone and it demands a duty of care for all Americans, and that is precisely what I will do.
Wrong Veep 
With just ten days until Election Day, @DrBiden and I are in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, to encourage folks to vote early. Tune in. 
Watch highlights from the VP’s 2011 trip to Asia, including a visit with Japanese earthquake survivors: 
Jim Mattis and I haven’t always agreed on everything, but you'd be hard pressed to find a more powerful indictment of Trump's actions and character than the one he's written.  "We do not need to militarize our response to protests. We need to unite around a common purpose." 
VP: “The President and I have a different way forward. We know the way to create jobs is the old-fashioned way—from the middle out.”
Instacart needs to step up and give their workers the protections and pay they need and deserve. Now. 
Coal miners have powered our country from the Industrial Revolution to the 21st century. I'm proud to stand with the protesting miners. Blackjewel has an obligation to give its workers the pay and benefits they’ve earned. 
Louisiana –– early voting begins today across the state. Head to  to find all the info you need to cast your ballot.
The words of a president matter, and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19 and mislead the American people. He is unfit to lead us through this crisis. 
In the United States, health care should be a right for all — not a privilege for the few. As president, I will give Americans a new choice — a Medicare-like public option — to ensure everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they need. 
In the days that followed the El Paso shooting, I said Americans have to come together, stand against hate, and leave nobody behind.  That charge feels more important than ever. This is our fight — and together, we will win. 
Trump está restableciendo fondos "específicos" a Centroamérica. Yo apoyo la restauración de financiación total para abordar las causas de la crisis migratoria, incluyendo ayuda para el desarrollo, el cual reduce violencia/migración. Políticas coercitivas en sí no son suficientes. 
VP Biden: “While we’re talking about making sure we protect Medicare, they're talking about creating an entire new system—voucher-care.”
The truth is Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered 20 million additional Americans and protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions.  We can’t afford to tear it down. We should protect and build on it:  
Just 6 weekends left till Election Day—get out there for a Weekend of Action event near you: 
VP: “How could Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan have such a profound misunderstanding of who the American people are?”
Folks, we’re getting ready for our event this afternoon in Nevada and we’d love to see you there! RSVP at: 
Medicare should be able to negotiate prices with drug companies. #DemDebate
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has failed to protect the American people — and that is unforgivable. 
If Senator @BernieSanders is the nominee, I will throw my full weight behind his campaign and do everything I can to get him elected. If I am the nominee, I hope he will do the same. Nothing can keep us from being united in the fight to defeat Trump. #DemDebate
Donald Trump continues his relentless effort to roll back the hard-fought progress we made in the Obama-Biden Administration. Higher auto emission standards make the air we all breathe cleaner, keep us healthier—and keep our auto industry competitive in the global marketplace. 
50 days left till the election—sign up to make a difference now: 
Kamala Harris is an incredible talent with unlimited potential. Her career has been defined by taking on those who abuse power and seeking equity and justice for all people. Her intellect and insight will continue to be needed by the Democratic Party and the country.
The Trump Administration promised 27 million tests by the end of March.  As of now, only 4 million have been completed. It’s unacceptable.  We can’t safely reopen the economy without scaling up testing, and we can’t effectively scale up testing unless Donald Trump does his job.
Senator @CoryBooker is joining me on the campaign trail in Flint, Michigan. Tune in to watch live: 
“Ladies and gentlemen, don’t miss this. This is your moment. This is the moment for your community.”—VP Biden addressing @NCLR today
Massachusetts — today is the last day to register to vote.  Head to  and get registered before it’s too late.
Many of those seeking asylum on our southern border are fleeing horrific forms of gender-based violence. As president, I will restore asylum status for domestic violence survivors &amp; spearhead an initiative to end violence against women and girls in Central America. #16Days
Tune in as I deliver remarks from our drive-in event in Las Vegas. 
All marriages, at their root, are about love. And four years ago, the Supreme Court affirmed that simple proposition in Obergefell v. Hodges. Thank you to the generations of LGBTQ trailblazers who refused to bend before the voices of intolerance. Your courage changed the world.
Massachusetts was 47th out of 50 states in job creation with Mitt Romney at the helm: 
For live fact-checks, notable quotes, and infographics, follow @Obama2012 and @OFADebates during and after tonight’s debate.
A favorite Joe photo: 
It’s time we give our educators the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Vote for America.   
Getting money quickly to families is the right goal, but Senate Republicans are proposing to send significantly lower amounts to low-income families than those with higher incomes. That’s terrible economics &amp; terrible values. We should be targeting help to those who need it most. 
I talked about how the greatest sin is the abuse of power — whether economic, or physical, or social. And, it’s our duty to fight back against those who would abuse it.  That starts with access to a real living wage — a $15 minimum wage.
VP Biden called Paul Ryan this morning to wish him well, saying he's looking forward to engaging him on the choice voters face in November.
Obamacare covered 20 million additional Americans, protects over 100 million people with pre-existing conditions, and allows young people to stay on their parents' plans until age 26.  We shouldn't tear all that down and start over — we should protect and build on it.
Randy tells the story of how Mitt Romney's firm forced his company into bankruptcy and walked away with millions: 
Today, demonstrators in Hong Kong, inspired by the iconic Baltic Way protest, formed a human chain to demand China live up to its promises to the people of Hong Kong. They once more showed the world the common yearning for liberty that unites us all.
I give you my word: If I am elected president, I will marshal the ingenuity and goodwill of this nation to turn division into unity and bring us together.
Check out highlights from the VP’s visit to York, Pennsylvania yesterday: 
Another school shooting. How long will we go on like this? No kid should fear their safety in school &amp; no parent should worry whether their kid will come home.  Our hearts go out to Santa Clarita, but prayers aren't enough. We need real gun reform to make our schools safer.
Rep. @StevenHorsford has been a champion for labor, and for the state of Nevada. I’m proud to have his support as we head toward the Nevada caucuses. 
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it.  Let's take back this country and lead the world again. #DemDebate 
I am deeply concerned about the unjust detainment of Jose Daniel Ferrer, a voice for change in Cuba, by the Cuban government. Ferrer must be released at once.
Call it a W. Thank you, Texas. 
I can't hit the campaign trail in-person due to COVID-19 — so instead, I’m traveling across the country from my home in Delaware. Head over to my Instagram to catch up on today’s trip to Florida 📲.
“I want to tell you who I am so excited about—the next senator from this state, Tammy Baldwin.”—VP Biden in WI today: 
As votes continue to be counted across the country, tune in as my campaign manager @jomalleydillon and campaign adviser Bob Bauer give an update on where things stand. 
We have to place a temporary ban on evictions nationwide. No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic.
People want results, not a revolution. #DemDebate
Senator @EWarren is the fiercest of fighters for middle class families. Her work in Washington, in Massachusetts, and on the campaign trail has made a real difference in people's lives. We needed her voice in this race, and we need her continued work in the Senate.
The United States has over 3 million cases of COVID-19, and over 130,000 people have died — yet Donald Trump continues to say it will just "fade away." It’s unbelievable.  We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day.
Merry Christmas! RT @TheDemocrats: Wishing you a holiday filled with peace and joy. 
Any change that weakens Title IX protections will be devastating: 
Let’s put this in perspective: if you eliminate every single solitary soldier, tank, satellite, nuclear weapon, eliminate the Pentagon and it would only pay for 4 months of Medicare for All. 4 months.  Where do the other 8 months come from? Your paycheck. #DemDebate
"A president's words have the power to move markets. They can start wars or broker peace. They can summon our better angels or awaken our worst instincts. You simply cannot fake your way through this job."  #DemConvention 
Unite. Vote. Win. 
Today, the House passed the #NoBanAct because no one should be discriminated against or singled out based on the faith they practice. I will end President Trump's Muslim Ban on day one and sign this bill into law.
We can’t take four more years of this.
I’m inspired by John and grateful for his support. My message to him is clear: never give up and never let it define you. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. We’ve always known that Donald Trump’s cruel immigration policies are a violation of our core American values. Now we know the architect of those policies has embraced and fanned the ugly flames of white nationalism. 
COVID-19 is amplifying so many inequities in our society. We have to ensure support gets to those who need it immediately, and then do the necessary work to rip out the structural racism that creates these inequalities. 
Looking forward to continuing my #AmericanPromiseTour in June and discussing “Promise Me, Dad” with these inspiring individuals. More information at  
Thank you, Minnesota! 
We’re fighting to ensure every last vote is counted across the country — and we need your help to do it. Chip in to the Biden Fight Fund to fuel our election protection efforts: 
Anyone who wants a COVID-19 test should be able to get one. Period.
We are so much better than Donald Trump.
The development of a new vaccine requires a dedication to science, coordination, transparency, truth, and fairness to all — and we have a President who stands for none of these things. 
We have to come together. 
The fact that Senate Republicans haven’t bothered to pass a COVID relief package but are rushing through President Trump’s Supreme Court pick says all you need to know.  We’ve got to flip the Senate, folks.
Mi corazón y el de Jill están con Puerto Rico a raíz de los terremotos de hoy. Mientras la isla enfrenta el impacto de este suceso y la pandemia del COVID-19 tenemos que asegurarnos que reciban los recursos y la asistencia que necesitan para recuperarse lo más pronto posible.
The weeks ahead will be some of the toughest we’ve ever experienced as a nation. We need to face them with the same spirit and resolve that have guided us through previous crises. Because out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger — and we will again.
I want to congratulate my friend Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller on making history. I've known Tom for years, he has never been afraid to take on the tough fights and has always served with honor and integrity—Iowa and our nation are better because of it. 
Not only does President Trump refuse to grant Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans, but he also apparently used stealth deportations to send them back to the oppressive Maduro regime.  It’s abundantly clear he has no regard for the suffering of the Venezuelan people. 
America has stood as a beacon of hope around the world for generations. #TeamJoe 
VP in WI: “6 out of every 10 jobs in the next 10 years are going to require a degree or certificate beyond high school—we must be prepared.”
.@BarackObama on how you can prove the cynics wrong one more time: 
America was built on a simple proposition: we're all created equal. We haven't yet fully lived up to that ideal, but we've never stopped trying.  Transgender folks deserve every right afforded to Americans — and as president, I will fight to secure those rights. 
The choice this November: 
Last December, VP Biden welcomed home sailors of the USS Gettysburg after a deployment to the Middle East: 
Tonight, I’ll take the stage in Detroit for the second #DemDebate. I’m excited to have the opportunity to discuss the issues on voters’ minds, why I’m running for president, and my bold vision for the future of our country.
Stories like this showcase exactly who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We help out folks we've never met, lift each other up, and do our part to ensure we make it through.  We will overcome this, together. 
On #PresidentsDay, we remember the leaders who showed strength in moments of fear, who brought us together in moments of division, and showed empathy in moments of pain.  Then we remember that today, our President is Donald Trump. In November, let's end this chapter of history.
As president, I promise you I'll honor all those we've lost from COVID-19. 
Highly recommend the grilled cheese and milkshakes at Lindy’s Diner. Thanks for a great send-off, New Hampshire! 
RT @OFA_OH: Volunteers are the beating heart of this campaign, and they're fired up for @JoeBiden! #MadeInOhio 
We’re just over an hour away from night one of the @DemConvention. I hope you’ll join me and Democrats across the country as we unite around our vision for a better America.  Tune in at 9 PM ET:  
It’s unacceptable that children learn to fear mass shooters alongside their ABCs.  It's unacceptable that people feel unsafe on their weekly grocery run.  It's unacceptable that living in fear of gun violence has become our new normal.
“The President &amp; I know neither one of us would be standing where we are today were it not for help we received in scholarships and loans.”
Folks, the people of this nation have spoken.  They have delivered us a clear victory. A convincing victory.  A victory for “We the People.”
Democrats can't win without your help. Make sure you're ready to vote on Tuesday:  
Meet Richard. Find out why he, like millions of Americans, supports protecting and expanding Obamacare. 
Once again, Putin and the Russians are interfering in the elections and trying to pick our president -- this time they're coming after me.  Chip in $5 to send the message to Putin that the American people decide elections, not him:  
The longer Donald Trump is president, the more reckless he gets.
.@KamalaHarris and I aren’t wasting any time. We’re ready to get COVID-19 under control so that we can reopen our businesses and schools safely, resume our lives, and put this pandemic behind us. 
En el tercer aniversario del huracán María, no es suficiente recordar la devastación provocada por la tormenta. Debemos actuar para asegurarnos de que nada como esto vuelva a suceder y asegurar que Puerto Rico reciba la dignidad y el respeto que se merece. 
Together, we will beat Donald Trump.
Good luck to the @USWNT as they kick off their first game of the Women’s World Cup. @DrBiden and I will be rooting for you! We have no doubt you’ll make our country proud. #OneNationOneTeam 
No one should be fired simply because of who they are or who they love. We must pass the Equality Act and ensure LGBTQ Americans are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
We’ve heard it before throughout our history, but it has no place in America in 2019.  It’s clear that Donald Trump is trying to divide us by race and gender. It’s immoral. Our children are listening.
If you’ve got a phone and a computer, you can make calls. Get started now:  
Today marks the official start of Hispanic Heritage Month. Tune in as we kick off our celebration from Florida: 
It didn’t have to be this bad. 
It's in our darkest moments that we've produced some of our greatest progress — and we have that opportunity once again. Let's make this a moment of action to address systemic racism and propel our nation into an era of true equality and opportunity.
Alfonso vino aquí con un sueño. Y su futuro ha sido robado. Ya es suficiente. 
Jill and I wish a Happy Holi to those celebrating the arrival of spring and the Festival of Colors! May the rest of your year be filled with a rainbow of colors and optimism. #Holi2020
Call it Bidencare. 
Crisis reveals character — and character belongs in the White House. 
If I'm elected, I promise I'll work as hard for those who didn't support me as I will for those who did. 
Together, we will beat Donald Trump like a drum. #LJ19  Join us:  
RT if you’re on the left: 
Obamacare provided protections to over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. It was a huge step forward, but we can’t stop there. I’ll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
Joe Biden has the boldest, most comprehensive criminal justice reform proposal in this election.   Read the full plan here:  #DemDebate 
This is our opportunity to leave the dark, angry politics of the past four years behind us.  It's time to come together and unite the country.  It all begins with your vote:  
Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect, but too many LGBTQ Americans are still denied this basic right. That’s why I’m proud to announce a new inclusion initiative between @bidenfoundation and @YMCA. The work continues: 
Moments of crisis require swift and decisive action from our leaders, but Donald Trump and his administration have done nothing but dither and delay. They have failed the American people on every single front. 
Leaders listen. 
At the #AARPIowaForum, I laid out my plan for older Americans. A Biden administration will lower drug costs, protect &amp; strengthen Medicare &amp; Social Security, &amp; help middle-class families grow their savings—because everyone deserves to retire with dignity.   
On Romney-Ryan: “Their budget calls for massive cuts to education. They cut $4.9 billion in 1 year out of elementary &amp; secondary education.”
South Carolina’s Social Security number requirement is an unnecessary burden that discourages folks from participating in our political process. It's wrong and should be reversed.    We should be making voting easier — not harder. 
What Romney needs to answer in tonight’s foreign policy debate:  #RomneyNotReady
Finally: a way to use Twitter without character limits. Check out what I had to say when @TwitterGov asked me about life on the campaign trail, what inspires me, and more: 
Hey @realDonaldTrump, do you think the American people want another war in the Middle East? Des Moines certainly doesn’t. 
Let’s be clear, this ban is dangerous and directly violates a woman's constitutional right to choose. We must stop it.   As president, I will codify Roe into federal law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
Last night's results showed that Democrats can take back our country, starting with Virginia, and begin the hard work of growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class and restoring the soul of our nation.  Chip in to help us take back the White House: 
It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class, because no one in America should work 40 hours a week and live below the poverty level. No one. 
Here's the simple truth: This nation has never been defeated when we're together — and we're not going to be defeated now. We will overcome this. 
Get the facts on President Obama’s record of preserving our sacred trust with our servicemembers and veterans: 
Today, vote for a new day in America. 
Be a patriot. Wear a mask. 
Here's the deal: I've condemned every form of violence, no matter what the source is. President Trump has not. #BidenTownHall 
As we prepare to reopen America, we have to remember what this crisis has taught us: The administration’s failure to plan, to prepare, to honestly assess and communicate the threat to the nation led to catastrophic results. We cannot repeat those mistakes. 
In the middle of this crisis, President Trump is trying to cut food assistance. It’s morally bankrupt.  We should do everything in our power to ensure no one goes hungry in America.
Trump’s Tantrum Diplomacy is eroding U.S. credibility on the international stage. Withdrawing from @WHO during a global pandemic is a recipe for disaster and increases the cost of the American response. We must instead rally the world to confront COVID-19. 
All workers deserve the right to bargain for good wages, benefits and working conditions—including gig workers. That is why I'm pleased the CA Legislature passed AB5. As president, I will enact a federal law to ensure gig workers get the full protections they deserve.
We are five months into this crisis, and our health care workers still don't have the masks and protective equipment they need. It's a national disgrace.  Mr. President, use your authority and fix the shortage of PPE before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
After people serve their time, they should have an opportunity to earn a good life and contribute to our country.  Joe’s plan will help give treatment, job training and education opportunities to people both during and after incarceration. #DemDebate 
COVID-19 is surging across the nation, and this president is doubling down on his efforts to rip health insurance and protections away from millions. It's heartless and cruel and must be stopped.
It's time we come together.  It's time we see each other as fellow Americans, who don't just live in red states and blue states, but who live in — and love — the United States of America.  That's who we are — and there is nothing we cannot do if we do it together.
"We're leading the world." 
Donald Trump simply doesn’t understand: We can’t deal with our economic crisis without solving the public health crisis.   And for all his bluster about his expertise on the economy, he is unable to explain how he will actually help the working families hit the hardest.
Let’s make history tonight, @KamalaHarris.
I don’t buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past. As president, I'll make bold investments in American manufacturing, industry, and innovation to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America. 
We're months into this crisis and workers still don't have enough protective equipment, there still aren't enough tests, and the death toll continues to rise.  The President should spend less time congratulating himself and more time doing his job. 
One of my favorite parts of the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. So my team and I are picking one lucky person to sit down with me for a cup of joe.  Chip in today for your chance to win:  
No one should have to choose between their paycheck and their health. That's why my plan for a safe and effective reopening ensures everyone has access to testing and paid leave for all those who get sick from COVID-19.  Read more here: 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Londonderry, New Hampshire, where we discussed our plans to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability. 
President Trump’s decision to abandon the #ParisAgreement wasn't just reckless—it abdicated our leadership on the world stage and threatened the future of our planet.   On day one, I’ll rejoin the Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further. 
Indiana — today is the last day to request your absentee-by-mail ballot.   You need a valid excuse to vote absentee-by-mail. If you are eligible, head to  and request yours before it’s too late.
We shouldn’t have to live in fear of President Trump’s erratic, impulsive decisions. 
Trump’s reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement has put our ability to confront the climate crisis in jeopardy. It proves he doesn’t have any idea of what we’re up against, despite indisputable evidence. And it again confirms that he's incapable of real leadership.
Yet more proof that Trump doesn’t care about the farmers, workers, and consumers that are being crushed by his irresponsible tariff war with China. It’s easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain.  I will reverse his senseless policies. 
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it.  Together, we can and will meet the challenge of this climate emergency. 
VP in MN: “We know the way to grow the economy is the way we always have—from the middle class out. That’s how we’ve always done it.”
It’s not hyperbole to say Donald Trump is a threat to our planet. We have to get him out of the White House and treat the climate emergency like the existential threat that it is. Our future depends on it.
We must win.
“President Obama dominated.” See what people are saying about @BarackObama’s debate win last night: 
My faith has been a source of immeasurable solace in times of grief and a daily inspiration to fight against the abuse of power in all its forms. As president, it will continue to serve as my anchor, as it has my entire life. 
When I first launched my campaign, I said we're in a battle for the soul of this nation.   As I accept the nomination tonight, it's clear what's at stake in the next 75 days.   We can and will win. Join us in the fight: 
RT @aadaro: Full house of @vets4obama fired up and ready to go @OFA_NC with @beaubiden #VeteransforObama 
Families across the country are impacted by COVID-19—and it can be especially difficult to explain to children.   Jill and I spoke with ItsJudysLife, JHouseVlogs and The Curly Coopers to answer their questions about the crisis. Tune in on Sunday at 7PM ET:  
When President Trump took office, he inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And just like everything else he’s inherited in his life, he squandered it. 
After almost three years on the job, Donald Trump is still unprepared to lead the world and unfit to lead our country. To clean up his mess, we need a leader who doesn't require on the job training. I'm prepared to get to work on day one. 
We may be physically apart, but this week Democrats are coming together from across the nation to put forth our vision for a better America. #DemConvention  Tune in tonight at 9 PM ET to join us:  
I extend my deep condolences to the loved ones of the peacekeepers, including 6 American service members, who died on Tiran Island, and wish a speedy recovery to the surviving American. I join all Americans in honoring their sacrifice, as I keep their loved ones in my prayers.
The campaign trail is always more fun when you join, @DrBiden. What a great weekend in New Hampshire! 
Moody’s Analytics projects that my plan will create 18.6 million jobs — over 7 million more jobs than President Trump’s plan.  We’re going to build back better and ensure everyone has a fair shot to get ahead. 
Jill and I are praying for the safety of those in the path of Hurricane Laura. If you are in an impacted area, please heed the advice of local officials. 
This weekend, I’m heading to South Carolina for the @SCDP Convention and world-famous #ClyburnFishFry! RSVP to come out and join us: 
I have always been a stalwart supporter of Israel—a vital partner that shares our democratic values. No democracy should deny entry to visitors based on the content of their ideas—even ideas they strongly object to. And no leader of the free world should encourage them to do so.
America is at an inflection point.   We can choose the path of becoming angrier, less hopeful, and more divided.  Or we can choose a different path, and together, take this chance to heal, to be reborn, to unite. A path of hope and light.
One year ago, this Administration began ripping apart immigrant families. Putting children in cages. As I told @Astrid_NV and other brave activists today, we can fix our broken immigration system without tossing aside our values. 
In both clear language and in code, President Trump has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this nation. 
Scranton families like the Bidens know the meaning of hard work and giving your kids a better life. 
“In America, we’re not supposed to have a system that's rigged.”—Vice President Biden on the common-sense #BuffettRule
VP Biden to @AFSCME members today: “You provide the ability of people to live a decent, middle-class life. We owe you.”
The simple truth is Donald Trump failed to protect America. So now, he’s trying to scare America.
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the climate emergency. On day one, I’ll take bold action to unleash the power of renewable energy and put us on course to become a 100% clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by 2050.    
I give you my word: If you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us, not the worst. I will be an ally of the light, not of the darkness.
Like Vicky said, we need a president who will restore integrity to the White House. 
I'm speaking now about our nation's economic response to COVID -- and I'll have a special guest with me. Tune in: 
The Senate health bill isn't about health care at all—it's a wealth transfer: slashes care to fund tax cuts for the wealthy &amp; corporations.
.@DrBiden and I wish all our Muslim friends and neighbors a blessed #EidAlAdha. May your sacrifices on this day be accepted and strengthen you during these challenging times. Eid Mubarak!
Last year, Virginians showed up to elect leaders who believe health care is a right, not a privilege. As a result, hundreds of thousands of Virginians now have the peace of mind that comes with health insurance. Don't ever question whether your vote matters -- it does. Show up.
Looking forward to joining @ErinBurnett for tonight’s town hall in Iowa to discuss what’s at stake in this election and why I’m running for president. Tune in to @CNN at 9 PM ET to watch live.
Mitt Romney traveled through the Buckeye State this weekend—see what some Ohioans had to say about his visit: 
Jill and I send our best wishes to those taking part in the Hindu festival of Navratri. As the nine days of celebration come to a close, let us remain optimistic of the triumph of good over evil and the opportunity of new beginnings.
If you live in:  Kansas Louisiana Maryland Minnesota New Jersey Oregon Virginia Washington D.C. West Virginia  Today is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to register before it's too late. 
#WhereIsJoe 
In a Biden administration, we’ll give people the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. That’s the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage.  Read our full plan here:  
This #WorldPressFreedomDay, support for an independent press at home and around the world matters more than ever. We must vote Trump out this November and assure that attacks on our free press are never again acceptable — especially not in the White House. 
I'm grateful to have the support of Birmingham Mayor Randall Woodfin. It's time we come together and remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we give hate no safe harbor, and we leave nobody behind. 
Our solemn obligation to veterans: 
Pennsylvania — there are just a few hours left to register to vote online. Don’t miss your chance to make your voice heard in this election. Head to  and register before 11:59 PM.
The hard truth is that this crisis didn’t have to be this bad.
Tonight marks our last end-of-month fundraising deadline — and it’s our most important one yet.  With three days until Election Day, we can’t afford to fall short.  If you’re able, please chip in to help us reach our goal: 
The evidence is clear: Donald Trump ignored the warnings. He failed to act. And now Americans are paying the price. 
Dr. Jill Biden is hitting the campaign trail with stops in Minnesota, Michigan &amp; Pennsylvania—we’ll be covering all the action right here.
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and hedge fund managers.   It was built by you.   By ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That’s the history of the journey of America. #DemDebate
"Republicans talk about productivity. They haven't produced anything that generates economic growth so far. Not a joke." -VP at @ChathamU
VP Biden will be speaking to @NCLR in Las Vegas tomorrow—have you checked out @LatinosforObama? 
The world is burning, yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence of climate change before all of our eyes. We have to get him out of the White House and take urgent global action to combat the climate crisis before it’s too late. 
Democracy is sometimes messy, so sometimes it requires a little patience.   But that patience has been rewarded now for more than 240 years with a system of governance that has been the envy of the world.
Even after his passing, John Lewis reminds us that the most powerful symbol of what it means to be an American is what we do with the time we have to make real the promise of our nation.  May his words guide us as we march on toward November. 
I give you my word as a Biden: When I'm president, I will lead with science, listen to the experts and heed their advice, and always tell you the truth. 
John — march on, dear friend. May God bless you. And may you continue to inspire righteous good trouble down from the Heavens. 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by those who defend our nation at war. I’m in Tampa, Florida, to hear from veterans and to discuss how I’ll honor that promise as president. Tune in: 
Those are the values that Joe Biden brought to the White House &amp; they're the values @HillaryClinton will bring, too. 
Companies getting relief from taxpayers have an obligation to protect workers' paychecks, and the Trump Administration has an obligation to hold their feet to the fire to ensure they do.  We need real relief paired with real oversight—not no-strings-attached corporate bailouts. 
I believe every American deserves a fair shot at success — not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd. That’s why as president, I’ll reverse Donald Trump’s giant tax giveaways to the super-wealthy and big corporations, and build an economy that works for everyone.
Fired-up crowd at the Howard Theatre this evening. Thanks for coming out, guys. —Joe
No hay justificación para traumatizar aún más a los niños enfermos en sus momentos más vulnerables. Como todo abusón, Trump está acosando a los más débiles, pero atacar a niños con cáncer y fibrosis quística es intolerable.
It’s time we pick our heads up, come together, and remember our best days are still ahead. #TeamJoe 
Jill and I wish Jewish communities around the world an easy fast as they gather to observe Yom Kippur. The Day of Atonement is an important reminder of the obligation we all share to reflect on our actions and recommit to our values in the year ahead. L’Shana Tovah.
Together, we can build a future that reflects working people’s courage and ambition. One that not only offers good jobs — but the dignity, equity, shared prosperity, and common purpose due to every American. 
The hard truth is that it didn’t have to be this bad. The lack of preparation, the slow response on testing, the failure to administer the relief in the CARES Act appropriately — all of it stems from Donald Trump’s failures as president. 
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement — giving countless Americans peace of mind and the ability to retire with dignity. I've been fighting to protect and expand the program throughout my career — and I'll continue that fight as president.
On Thursday, President Trump said we're "rounding the turn" when it comes to COVID-19.  On Friday, we set a new record for daily cases.   We're paying the price for his failures every single day. 
This seems like a great reason to rejoin the Paris Agreement, @realDonaldTrump. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Dover, New Hampshire! We had a great time discussing how we will rebuild the backbone of this country — the middle class. 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities have always been the heartbeat of our country’s fight for justice. That’s why I’ll invest $70 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions.  When HBCUs rise, we all rise—join HBCU Students for Biden today:  
Two of the things I've cared about throughout my whole career:  1. Improving the criminal justice system. 2. Putting Black Americans in a position to gain generational wealth.  And as president, I will continue that fight every day.
I couldn’t be more excited to have my friend @BarackObama hitting the campaign trail. Tune in for his first drive-in rally live from Philadelphia. 
The Democratic Party is lucky to have leaders like Eric, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on the pressing issues facing Americans.
It's the honor of my life to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. Tune in at 9 PM ET as I deliver my acceptance speech:  
It has now been 264 days. How many more senseless shootings must occur before Senate Republicans take action? Enough is enough. 
Where is your polling location? When do polls close? What do you need to bring to the polls? Where can you drop off your absentee ballot?  Head to  to find all the information you need to make your voice heard today.
Mr. President, your ignorance isn’t a virtue or a sign of your strength — it’s undercutting our response to this unprecedented crisis at every turn and it’s costing Americans their jobs and their lives. 
My heart goes out to Jessica and the countless others across the nation who have lost a loved one due to COVID-19. Behind every number we see in the news is a family and community that will never again be whole — and we can't forget that. 
A Biden administration will take concrete action to address the student debt crisis in our country. We will expand access to Pell Grants, more than halve income-based payments on undergraduate federal student loans, and make student loan forgiveness work for public servants.
Senator Sanders still hasn’t been honest about how much Medicare for All will cost and who will pay for it. The American people deserve the truth. 
Here's something that will be very different if I'm president: I'll actually listen to Dr. Fauci's advice and expertise, not attack him for telling the truth. 
Who we are as a nation, what we stand for, and who we want to be — that's on the ballot this November.
The ability to make change will come down to three things:   - Who can beat Trump? - Who can help flip the Senate? - Who can turn big ideas into change?   I am the best candidate on stage to do all three. #DemDebate
Big cheers for VP Biden and Dr. Jill Biden in La Crosse, Wisconsin yesterday: 
Human trafficking is an unconscionable attack on the dignity of the most vulnerable among us. Action can’t wait — on this World Day Against Trafficking in Persons, we’ve got to join together and commit to ending trafficking. #EndHumanTrafficking 
Two weeks from today, we’re going to beat President Trump.
This is a big victory for South Carolina. The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is — we have to break down barriers to the ballot box and ensure every American can make their voice heard. 
These disparities have plagued our nation for far too long. It’s time we rebuild our country upon more just and equal foundations — and finally close race-based wealth and income gaps. 
"If you notice, he never answers the question."—VP Biden #DetailsMatter
The marine transit system in Alaska is vital to rural communities—but faces draconian cuts in funding. IBU is on strike to ensure this lifeline for Alaskans will continue to serve communities from Ketchikan to Kodiak. The governor must restore full funding immediately. @ILWU
As president, I'll do what I've always done in the past: bring people together.  Peaceful protesters, police officers, unions, and civil rights groups — we'll all sit down at the White House. 
I can’t believe I have to say this, but we can’t let Donald Trump open up the Grand Canyon for uranium mining.
The 40-hour workweek Minimum wage Overtime pay Health care  Workplace safety protections  They’re all because of unions — and it’s time we recognize that.
Had a great town hall in Greenville yesterday where we discussed our plans increase mental health services in schools &amp; ensure educators are receiving the pay they deserve. Thank you for a great trip, South Carolina! 
What kind of president tries to defund Social Security during an economic crisis? 
From day one, we've refused to take money from any corporate PACs or lobbyists. Today, I’m building on that base by signing @NoFossilMoney’s pledge to reject support from the PACs, lobbyists, or executives of fossil fuel companies.  I work for you — not any industry. 
From the bottom of our hearts, thank you. 
From climate change to racial justice — @TomSteyer has dedicated his life to making progress on some of the most pressing issues of our time. His presence will continue to be felt in the race, and I look forward to working alongside him to get Donald Trump out of the White House.
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are — we cannot let him define us as a nation.
Since 1978, CEO compensation has risen 940%, while the average American has seen a raise of just 12%. It’s wrong. We need a $15 minimum wage, stronger labor laws, and a tax code that works for the middle class.  It’s time we reward work, not just wealth. 
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is — and it’s up to all of us to make our voices heard in every election. Head to  to register to vote and then send it to five friends to get them registered. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
Paul Laxalt was the model for something all too rare in politics today: someone with whom you could disagree without being disagreeable. We were often on opposite sides of the debate, but he was my friend. He will be missed. 
The hard truth is Black women still only get paid 62 cents for every dollar white men make. It's unacceptable.  My administration will work to close the pay gap for Black women and create an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay 
Inspired by the patients, families, clinicians, and researchers of @stjuderesearch I met earlier this month. They are making hope real. Join us and let us know about your #cancerFIERCE story.  
Every little bit helps: Pitch in $5 to #Obama2012 before tonight’s big fundraising deadline. 
The Kurds were integral in helping us defeat ISIS — and too many lost their lives. Now, President Trump has abandoned them. It's shameful.
Only Donald Trump could debase our nation's highest civilian honor and turn it into a partisan political prop. 
I am proud to stand with the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and the contributions they have made to America's rich diversity.    Today, we're launching AAPIs for Biden — a coalition working to help me unite our nation. To join, visit:  
Stopped by the Hawkeye Area Labor Council Labor Day Picnic to thank folks for their tireless work fighting for American workers. From fair wages to safe working conditions — we owe our unions so much. 
The stakes in this election couldn’t be higher — and with just six days left, we can’t let up.  Chip in to help us get the job done on Tuesday: 
3 reasons why President Obama should be re-elected: 
One in five children experience mental health challenges, but too many don’t get help. My plan doubles the number of mental health professionals in schools to ensure every student gets the support they need.  Read the full plan here:  
The courage shown today by the lawmakers, staff, and gun safety advocates in Richmond is inspiring. It's long past time the calls for reform are met with concrete action that ends our gun violence epidemic. #IStandWithVirginia today, and every day, until the job is done. 
Dreamers are Americans. But Trump's ripped away the hard-won protections of DACA recipients, throwing their lives into upheaval. It’s unacceptable, and on day one of my presidency I will protect them from deportation and send a bill to Congress. 
To all the brave men and women who have served our nation, thank you, and happy Veterans Day. 
Elijah Cummings was a true public servant, his life defined by the love of his community and a fierce commitment to ensuring truth wins over power. The whole Biden family sends our condolences to his wife, Maya, his children, and the entire city of Baltimore. 
Yesterday, President Trump said he was invoking the Defense Production Act, then turned around and said he wasn't planning to use it. The President should exercise these powers now. We need more ventilators, protective equipment, and critical supplies. We need action, not words.
Folks, our second episode of Here’s the Deal is live! This week, @GovWhitmer joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, President Trump’s personal attacks, and the importance of bipartisanship to deliver results.  Listen at  or wherever you get your podcasts.
I've always been proud to have cosponsored the Americans with Disabilities Act, signed into law 29 years ago. Thanks to the vision &amp; persistence of @SenatorHarkin &amp; many disability leaders, this bill was a critical step in the fight for equal rights for people with disabilities.
Listen to the scientists.
Jill and I wish a happy Mid-Autumn Festival to all those celebrating. We join you in hoping for a future filled with peace and prosperity — and hope your festivities lead to a bountiful harvest in the year ahead.
Be a patriot. Wear a mask. 
When we emerge from this crisis, we can’t just go back to the way things were before. We need to take this country to a place we’ve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
There’s no challenge we can’t overcome when we stand united. With just four days to go, tune in as we get out the vote in Iowa. 
It's no secret that I love ice cream. I enjoyed stopping by The Cone Shoppe in Monticello for some chocolate/vanilla twist soft serve and the chance to talk with some Iowans after our first campaign stop. 
Across the country, too many families are being left behind. We’ve got to rebuild an inclusive middle class where everybody — regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability — gets a fair shot. 
This Saturday, we’re officially launching our campaign to unite this country in Philadelphia — the city that first brought our nation together over 200 years ago. We’d love to see you there, head to  to RSVP and learn more. 
With folks staying at home during this time of social distancing, we put together some fun activities to keep everyone entertained. Text FREE to 30330 to be the first to get a look at what we’ve been working on. 
On #IndigenousPeoplesDay, we recognize the resiliency of indigenous communities and celebrate their rich contributions to society—while recommitting to the work that remains to come to terms with our past as a nation, to honor our promises, and work to right our wrongs.
An inside look at the campaign trail on the Road to November 6th: 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority-Serving Institutions play a vital role in our communities. A Biden administration will invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success.
It’s not hyperbole to say that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Everything that makes us who we are is at stake. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take back this country.
As we gather in Detroit, it’s important that we recognize the significance of the Motor City. Because few cities embody the American spirit better than Detroit.  When it was knocked down flat on its back, it didn’t give up. It came roaring back.
Let’s give Hillary a Senate she can work with. 
No bill should pass without conditions on corporations to ensure the help they get goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No blank checks.
I won't be president until January 20th, but my message today to everyone is this: wear a mask.
VP Biden visited the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, the most holy Roman Catholic site in Mexico, this March: 
Folks, we can save nearly 100,000 lives by the end of the year if everyone wears a mask in public.  Do your part. Protect your neighbors. Wear a mask.
The deadliest mass shootings all have one thing in common: assault weapons.  It’s past time we get these weapons of war off our streets. I’ve banned them before, and I’ll ban them again in the White House. 
As president, I’ll make record investments in American industry and create millions of good-paying, union jobs.  We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — and built by union workers. 
I'm about to take the stage from California. Tune in to watch live: 
The character of our country is on the ballot on Tuesday, but you still have a chance to make a difference today. Don't just vote -- volunteer on #TheLastWeekend. It's that important.  
My mom was an incredible woman, and I miss her. She would always tell us that “courage is the greatest virtue, because without courage you cannot love with abandon.” She lived her life that way, loving us with abandon. I want to wish every mother out there a Happy Mother’s Day. 
The economy. Climate change. Health care. Civil rights. Racial justice. The U.S. Supreme Court. Our democracy.  They’re all on the line. Vote. 
I declared that we have to do everything we can to protect the most sacred, fundamental right we have: the right to vote.
Had the opportunity to say hello to a few of the folks who couldn’t make it inside our Health Care Town Hall yesterday at Dartmouth College. I’ll make sure we get a bigger room next time! 
My dad always said, “Champ, when you get knocked down, you get back up.” I’ve been knocked down a lot in my life, like so many Americans have, but always get back up. That’s the resiliency of the American people. Given half a fighting chance, there’s nothing we can’t do. 
Be who you are. Stand for what you are. Few people embody that better than @melindagates. Enjoyed discussing #PromiseMeDad, public service, and faith with such a remarkable woman in Seattle last weekend. #AmericanPromiseTour 
Dr. B: “Every day, Barack and Joe are working so that every single American has an opportunity to provide for themselves &amp; their families.”
Thank you, Washington! 
It is long past time to address the devastating effects of climate change. As president, I will take action against those who knowingly harm our environment. 
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19 — but he does bear full responsibility for the failed national response.   We've got to hold him accountable this November.
In NH on 4/12, the Vice President will give his take on why millionaires shouldn’t pay a lower tax rate than middle class families do.
I’m thrilled to announce our grassroots fundraiser with our friends. I hope you’ll join @DrBiden, @JVN, @Karamo, @TanFrance, @Antoni, and @BobbyBerk this Tuesday.  Chip in to reserve your spot:  
VP: “We do not think it creates a culture of dependency when a 79-year-old widow living alone has access to Medicare and Social Security.”
Congressman John Lewis is a moral giant who has spent his entire life pushing our nation to live up to our highest ideals. I'm honored to call him a friend — and grateful to have him by my side in this battle for the soul of our nation. 
Good news: the open enrollment deadline has been extended until December 18th! Head to  to choose a quality, affordable health insurance plan for 2020. #GetCovered 
Our comeback started in Nevada. Now, we need your help to carry this momentum to South Carolina, Super Tuesday, and beyond.  Sign up to get involved in your community:  
UPDATE: We’re about to close the books on an AMAZING first day of our campaign. It’s not too late to be a part of it. Chip in before midnight to be a Day One donor.  #Joe2020 
As president, I’ll impose a tax penalty on companies that ship jobs overseas and sell products back to the U.S. — and I’ll create millions of good-paying jobs here at home.  We’re going to make sure the future is made in America — by all of America's workers. 
It’s past time for a $15 minimum wage. 
After four years of Betsy DeVos and the Trump Administration, our students and educators will need strong advocates in the White House who will repair the damage they have caused. That's exactly what they'll have with me and @DrBiden. 
"It's about the stuff we're made of. It's about our values... Hillary gets it in her gut. She gets it." -VP Biden
All the progress we've made on domestic violence and sexual assault has been because of people like Bonnie Campbell. Grateful for her kind words in reflecting on the history of the Violence Against Women Act. 
Wanted to make sure you saw this, @realDonaldTrump: “Trump’s First 3 Years Created 1.5 Million Fewer Jobs Than Obama’s Last 3.” 
“Give Mitt Romney credit: He is a job creator. In Singapore. And China. And India.”—VP Biden in Waterloo, Iowa today
Today we celebrate the 80th anniversary of Oxi Day. Greeks inspired the free world when they resisted Mussolini’s invading army — and that courageous spirit lives on today, reminding us we too must stand up and do our part to safeguard our democracy.
During a public health crisis, it's unconscionable that Donald Trump and others are continuing a lawsuit designed to strip millions of people of their health insurance. This morning, I called on them to drop the lawsuit and protect Americans' health care. 
Donald Trump claimed he would be "the greatest jobs president God ever created."  But the fact is he's the worst jobs president in recorded history.  We can't afford another four years of his failed leadership. 
From this moment of crisis, we have the opportunity to not just rebuild our economy — but transform it.
Right now, Congress should come together and pass a COVID relief package like the HEROES Act that the House passed six months ago. Once we shut down the virus and deliver economic relief to workers and businesses, then we can build back better than ever before.
From Universal Pre-K to fighting for raising the minimum wage, @BilldeBlasio has a record of taking on the important issues we face as a nation. Thank you for running a campaign focused on lifting up working families. 
This election is about each of us doing our part, and the President, VP, and @TheDemocrats need your help. Join: 
John Lewis will be remembered as a moral giant who dedicated his life to creating a more just, equal, and moral America.  Donald Trump will not. 
You know who I am. You know who he is.  The character of the country is on the ballot. Look at us closely.
This is the United States of America. There’s not a single thing beyond our capacity, if we do it together. Let’s go do it. #DemDebate
President Trump has failed to address COVID-19 — and now our students and educators are paying the price. Tune in as I discuss my plan to safely and effectively reopen schools: 
America’s strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. But President Trump continues to spew hateful rhetoric, sow division, and stoke racial tensions for his own political gain.  Let's be clear: Racism and xenophobia have no place in America. 
Thank you, Nevada! We're headed to South Carolina but have one more request: if you can chip in a few dollars to keep our momentum going we would greatly appreciate it.  Every donation makes a big difference:  
Medicare for All will cost at least $30 trillion over 10 years — and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families.  Joe Biden has a better plan — he will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. 
The relief bill passed by Congress was a good start, but now we need to:  - Forgive at least $10,000 of student loan debt per person - Provide emergency paid sick leave to everyone who needs it - Ensure no one has to pay for COVID-19 treatment or an eventual vaccine
President Trump is destroying American leadership and credibility abroad. As president, I'll rebuild a modern, agile U.S. Department of State—investing in and re-empowering the finest diplomatic corps in the world. 
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better. 
We will get through this, and we will come out stronger. I promise. 
A president who puts his own self-interest ahead of the public good and national security poses a threat to each and every American in our daily lives.  Donald Trump should be impeached. Period. #DemDebate 
Voting is important, folks. Make sure your registration is up-to-date for 2014 by visiting  –Joe
I’ve released 21 years of my tax returns.   What are you hiding, @realDonaldTrump? 
We are in the middle of a climate emergency — and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet.  We have to vote him out. 
I’m in Indianapolis with @southcity22 and we have a message for thousands of fraternity brothers and sorority sisters here at #AFLVCentral and all across the country: #ItsOnUs to end sexual assault on college campuses. 
Hoy estamos lanzando Todos con Biden. Los latinos han contribuido mucho a nuestro país—son parte del tejido de Estados Unidos y se merecen un presidente que les respete y que luchará junto a ellos.  Acompáñenme a continuar y mejorar los logros realizados:  
People are losing their homes. Millions have already lost their paychecks. Our country is in crisis.  The virus isn’t taking a break — Republicans shouldn’t either. The House did their job. President Trump, bring the Senate back and pass a relief bill. Now.
RT @OFA_NC: In Charlotte yesterday @JoeBiden was greeted by "Fired up, ready for Joe!" by an enthusiastic @OFA_NC team. 
Embracing dictators. Threatening war. Embarrassing the United States.  That’s the #TrumpDoctrine.  Reclaiming American leadership starts now. 
If you’re in for four more years, stand with President Obama and Vice President Biden today: 
I’m heading to Detroit at the end of the month for our second Democratic debate. Supporters in every part of the country are coming together on July 31 to have parties to watch the debate. I hope you’ll host one in your community:  
Seven years ago, our nation watched in horror at the news from Aurora, Colorado. 12 innocent lives, full of so much promise, were cut short in an act of terror. Many more injured and traumatized. Today, we recommit to taking action to reduce gun violence
White supremacy should be rooted out and relegated to the pages of history — not promoted by the President of the United States.
Donald Trump put our nation on the sidelines. Let’s get back in the game. 
My mother often reminded me that “bravery resides in every heart and some day it will be summoned.” Lt. Col. Arnaud Beltrame answered the call last Friday in France. Taking the place of a hostage and paying the ultimate price. His heroism and self-sacrifice must not be forgotten.
And do me a favor, make sure to select the train icon when you do. 
The VP is heading to Minnesota and Michigan tomorrow and Wednesday. Follow @OFA_MN and @OFA_MI for the latest!
Health care.  Civil rights. Climate change.  Economic inequality.  Racial justice. The Supreme Court. Our democracy.  They’re all at stake. Vote. 
Now more than ever, we need to choose hope over fear. We will beat COVID-19. We will overcome this. Together.
.@DrBiden and I wish everyone celebrating #EidAlAdha hope, faith, and joy. Eid Mubarak!
7 years ago, @BarackObama and I offered security to DREAMers, young people brought here as kids who only know America as home. Trump is trying to break our country's promise to them &amp; continues to threaten their status.  DREAMers are Americans. It’s time we kept our word to them.
We need more than thoughts and prayers. We need action. We have to protect our kids. Now. 
I’m in Florida to discuss my plans to build back our economy better for the Hispanic community and working families. Tune in. 
This week, I’m heading back to Iowa to talk with voters about why I’m running for president and my bold vision for the future. Head to  to RSVP to an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
The health of the American people is not a joke, Mr. President. 
As president, the first step I will take will be to get control of the virus that's ruined so many lives.   Because I understand something this president doesn't.    We will never get our economy back on track until we deal with this virus.
A second term for #TeamObamaBiden could be just a few phone calls away:  
It's the final day of the #NoMalarkey barnstorm, but the enthusiasm we’ve seen could make a big difference in the next few weeks before the Iowa Caucus.  We need your help to keep this momentum going—contribute today to keep fueling our efforts:  
American history isn’t a fairytale. The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull for more than 240 years. But it’s a battle we can and will win — together.
RT if you agree with President Obama that our daughters and sons deserve equal opportunities: 
VP in CO: “Early voting starts in Colorado on Oct. 22. So don't wait until Election Day. Let’s take this thing sooner than later, okay?”
Weapons of war have no place on our streets.  We must take on the @NRA and ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. I’ve done it before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
The Build Back Better Express Tour was about more than my love for trains — it was about meeting folks along the way and discussing how we can make their lives better.  They are the backbone of America — and I’ll fight for them every day in the White House. 
Find out why VP Biden reminds Brandon, an @OFA_CA volunteer, of his dad: 
Malarkey!
The stakes of this election could not be higher. Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We can't let that happen.  We have to do everything in our power to make him a one-term president.
Firefighters face danger every day to protect our communities—we must be there for them in their time of need. Our thoughts are with the families of Justin and Brian as the search continues—and we thank those working tirelessly to bring their brothers home.
Transit workers are being attacked every day, often while buses are moving, putting bus drivers and riders in harm's way. That's why I strongly support the Transit Worker and Pedestrian Protection Act to protect our workers from harm while doing their job. 
I wish this President would engage in conversations and nominate a consensus candidate. That’s what we’ve done in the past. That’s what America needs and deserves. He won’t.
John Dingell was an American patriot and a selfless public servant — and Debbie Dingell has carried his legacy in the House with grace and dignity. This is equally as cruel as it is pathetic, and it is beyond unconscionable that our President would behave this way. 
This afternoon, @KamalaHarris and I met with @SpeakerPelosi and @SenSchumer to discuss how we’ll get this virus under control, deliver much-needed relief, and build back better than before.   We’re getting right to work for the American people. 
Had enough? 
We cannot stand by and let Donald Trump destroy the character of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
We've come so far and all the progress we've made is at stake. You've got to vote. Bring a friend and get it done:  
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. If I have the honor of being elected president, we'll get to work delivering results on day one. 
Standing up for women is the cause of my life. We must change our culture to end violence against women #IWD2017 
The uncomfortable truth is that Donald Trump left America exposed and vulnerable to this pandemic. He ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies and put his trust in China's leaders instead. Now, we're all paying the price.  Let me explain how we got here: 
America was built on a simple idea: All men — and women — are created equal.   It’s time we ensured all people are treated equally as well.
Donald Trump is going to court to stop votes from being counted. We have assembled the largest election protection effort in history to fight back and need your help.  Chip in to make sure every vote is counted: 
Whether you are online, at a gun show, or in a store — you should have to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period. 
I'm grateful that over 125 elected officials and leaders from across the country have endorsed our campaign in the last few days. Now, I'm hoping to get your endorsement.  If you're with me, let me know by adding your name today:  
This decision puts the health of the American people at risk — it’s unacceptable. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and choose science over fiction once again. 
In good times, communities of color still lag. In bad times, they get hit first and the hardest. And in recovery, they take the longest to bounce back.  We have to break the cycle, and I’ve got a plan to do it: 
This afternoon, I'll be discussing Donald Trump's recent actions in Syria and how his erratic, impulsive decisions endanger our troops and make us all less safe. Tune in at 5PM ET to watch live:  
Every day, more evidence is uncovered revealing that Trump is abusing the power of the presidency and is wholly unfit to be president. He is using the highest office in the land to advance his personal, political interests instead of the national interest. 
The Supreme Court’s ruling today is a victory made possible by the courage and resilience of hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients who bravely stood up and refused to be ignored. And as President, I will get to work immediately to make it permanent. 
Mr. President, it’s high time you condemn violence of any form. 
One year after the tragic massacre in Parkland, we’ve not done nearly enough to ensure this will never happen again. In the last year far too many have died from gun violence. But I have hope. #MSDStrong
We are a more just, more equal nation because of Justice Ginsburg. Now it’s up to all of us to carry on her fight. 
Tune in as I address the unfolding situation in Minnesota and the killing of George Floyd: 
Amy is right: our democracy depends on your vote. And you don't have to wait until November to cast your ballot.  If you're in Minnesota, head to  and make your plan to vote today. 
This Easter, Jill and I wish all of you and your families a safe and joyful celebration, and we join our prayers with those of people from every faith for health, happiness, and a renewal of life in the year to come. 
Be patient, folks. Votes are being counted, and we feel good about where we are.
The character of a president matters — and we have to make that clear this November. 
Donald Trump is echoing his authoritarian heroes, again—this time using China's anti-democracy talking points to describe the peaceful protests in Hong Kong as "riots." It's shameful.  When people suffering under oppression look to the U.S. for hope, Trump has nothing to offer.
Folks, don't forget to stay in line! If you're in line when polls close, you're entitled to cast your ballot.  
VP: “President Obama has stood up repeatedly, publicly &amp; often alone against efforts to delegitimize Israel at the UN and around the world.”
A president has to be able to not only fight — but heal and bring our country together. I promise you that’s what I will do if I’m elected. 
VP Biden is in Florida today to talk about the stark choice on Social Security in this election. Get the facts: 
Las políticas de inmigración de Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana. No somos un país que niegue a los niños jabón y cepillo de dientes. Esto no es lo que somos. #DemDebate
These members of Congress — children of immigrants, just like so many of us — are an example of exactly what makes America great.
The VP and the @CFPB are helping every college student get the right info on how to pay for their education: 
Ahead of #RoshHashanah, Jill and I want to wish everyone in the Jewish community a very happy, healthy, and sweet New Year. Tune in to our virtual event: 
Recorded this last night but couldn't have said it any better myself, @BetoORourke. If you live in any state that's voting on Super Tuesday — today is your day.  Let's go win this thing, folks! Head over to  to find your polling location now. 
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class—not saddle you with mountains of debt. My new plan will provide two years of community college without debt, double Pell grants, invest $50 billion in workforce training programs, and more. 
Olympic champion boxer Claressa Shields gave VP Biden a gold-medal show of support in Detroit this week: 
“The Vice President called my phone bank!”  
Care jobs are ready to be filled right now, allowing millions of people — primarily women — to get back to work immediately.  It's the right thing to do for our families and our essential workers — and it's the smart thing to do for our economy. 
The stakes in this election have never been higher. We have to come together and beat Donald Trump.
Lordstown, Ohio welcomes the VP: 
Character, convictions, vision: 
This video is doctored — and a flagrant attempt to spread misinformation at the expense of a man who uses assistive technology.   It should be removed. Now. 
Remember: every example of violence Donald Trump decries has happened on his watch. Under his leadership. During his presidency.
John Dingell was the Dean of the House. He earned that title — not just because he was there the longest — but because he led with great moral courage and vision. He was a friend and I will miss him terribly. Debbie is in my prayers.
"I know I would not be standing here today as Vice President without you all – without the American Labor movement." -VP Biden
We all want the same thing — a life of dignity and a fair shot at a better future.  Donald Trump isn't capable of understanding that. 
It is what it is because Donald Trump is who he is.
Over the last few months, countless Asian Americans have been threatened, attacked, and blamed for COVID-19. They've cruelly been made the scapegoat by the most powerful man on the planet, President Trump. It has to end.  Read more from @TammyforIL and me: 
Equal representation and participation matter. #DCStatehood 
The VP dropped in on the Sisters of Mount St. Francis in Dubuque last week to catch up and share cookies and ice cream: 
It’s a little too cold for ice cream in Madison, but I hope you liked the cupcakes all the same. Thanks for spending your birthday with me, @ElaineWelteroth - hope this next year is a great one. #AmericanPromiseTour 
In 2009, VP Biden helped secure $1 billion in grants to hire and rehire police officers around the country: 
We deserve leaders that unite us around our shared goals, rather than prey on our divisions. That’s why I’m running for president. To unite our country and put us on a different path — not back to a past that never was — but to a future that fulfills our true potential.
I know these times are dark, but I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
“We are our brother’s keeper. We are our sister’s keeper.” VP Biden talks about the importance of faith and values: 
President Obama is fighting for small businesses right here in the U.S.: 
Vice President Biden: “I am absolutely certain we will rebuild this country stronger than it was before.”
Join me on #EarthDay for a virtual town hall — on one of the most pressing issues facing the world. Tune in at 2:30 PM ET:  
We can beat Donald Trump. We can unite this country. We can restore the soul of this nation.  It all begins tomorrow night in Iowa. 
Tune in to the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:35 PM ET! 
We have a President who believes there is no limit to his power, who believes he can do anything and get away with it, and who believes he is above the law.  This isn’t a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national issue.
President Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he bears full responsibility for the slow and uncoordinated response. The harsh reality is that at least 3 million people now don’t have jobs because he didn’t do his job when it mattered. 
.@DrBiden and I send our deepest condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of former Iowa congressman and statesman, Berkley Bedell. Congressman Bedell’s legacy will be remembered as the epitome of public service. Iowa is a better place because he served there.
My friend, @GabbyGiffords, knows what it takes to persevere in the face of uncertainty. Take a few minutes to read these powerful words from her on how we can get through this — together. 
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that happen. 
We have a Secretary of Education who doesn't value our public schools, an EPA Administrator who doesn’t believe that climate change is an existential threat, and an Attorney General who puts the selfish interests of the President ahead of the American people. We deserve better.
Enough.
We had a great few days on the campaign trail in New Hampshire. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! I look forward to being back soon. 
Every day Donald Trump is in the White House, he poses a grave threat to our democracy. We must make him a one-term president.  Help us defeat him by pitching in to our Beat Trump Fund before midnight: 
Get to know Joe's son @BeauBiden—a major in the Delaware Army National Guard, public servant, and @Vets4Obama advocate: 
I first ran for Senate when I was 29 years old, and I’m as optimistic about our future now as I was then.   It’s time to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot to get ahead.
New photos from the VP’s #MadeInOhio tour last week: 
There is a lot of talk out there on where I stand when it comes to our marijuana laws. Here are the facts: 
I’m confident that with the help of @PeteButtigieg and his supporters, we will unite this country, we will beat Donald Trump, and we will restore honor and decency to the White House. 
What he said. 
VP Biden: “President Obama has taken the fight directly to America’s enemies, confronting al-Qaeda head on and taking out Osama bin Laden.”
The economic damage from this public health crisis is both rising and deepening at an alarming rate. It is putting working families and the American middle class through unimaginable financial pain — and they need to be made whole as fast as possible. 
Granddaughter Naomi introduced me at #Gen44 event last night. She said young people have to turn out the vote this year—she's right. –Joe
You have the power to own the outcome of this election — but only if you vote.  Head to  and make your plan to cast your ballot today.
Here's the deal: Until we deal with COVID-19, we'll never get our economy fully back on track, get our kids safely back to school, or get our lives back.  It's why as president, I won't waste a day getting this virus under control. 
“This is how we could lose the election.” 
VPOTUS: “We’ve taken more terrorists off the battlefield in the last 3 years than in the previous 8, putting al-Qaeda on a path to defeat.”
Donald Trump is the most racist president in modern history. 
Georgia — you don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot. Early voting begins today.  Head to  to find all the info you need.
Cheer on VP Biden and President Obama Thursday night at a #DNC2012 watch party near you: 
From fighting cancer to changing the culture on domestic violence — we’re just getting started. Join us: 
I’m looking forward to being back in my home town of Scranton, Pennsylvania, for tonight’s CNN Town Hall. Tune in at 8 PM ET to watch. 
It’s good to be back, folks. We've got less than 4 months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Democrats. –Joe
From the climate crisis to student debt and gun violence — there's so much on the line in this election, and young people have the power to own the outcome.  So vote, and let's build a better future together:  
Right now, classrooms should be humming with excitement for a new year and students’ hopes for their futures.  Instead, many are silent and empty because President Trump didn’t do his job.  America’s families are paying the price for his failures.
2019 was a year of record violence — it will be a moral failure if we allow 2020 to be the same. We have to elect leaders with the courage to take on the @NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform. We have to end this epidemic. 
Yesterday’s verdict doesn’t take away the pain or the loss of Heather Heyer on that day in Charlottesville, but is hopefully a step toward healing and a sense of justice. 
In times as challenging as these, I believe there is only one way forward: As a united America. 
The values of patriotism, friendship, and faith that Scranton instilled in me have defined my entire life — and they’re the values I’ll bring to the White House. 
Together, we're creating a movement that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. 
Across the country, folks are stepping up, taking care of their neighbors, and lending a hand to those in need. It's who we are. In times of crisis, we stand as one. And it makes me so proud to be an American. 
To be clear: I am not currently president. But if you chip in now, we can change that in November:  
Through the #HandsOffIX website, @endrapeoncampus,@knowyourIX have helped thousands make their voices heard in the notice and comment process. 
To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, or left behind — this is your campaign. We need you and we want you in this fight.  Join us:  
Tune in as I deliver a Thanksgiving address on the shared sacrifices Americans are making this holiday season and how we'll get through this crisis together. 
We can't let George Floyd and Jacob Blake become just another pair of hashtags.  This is a moment of action.  It's long past time we reform policing, reverse systemic racism, and make our communities safer.
VP: “We've strengthened Medicare to extend its life by 8 years, made reforms that have saved seniors hundreds on their prescription drugs.”
On what would have been his 46th birthday, my thoughts are with the family of my friend Reverend Clementa Pinckney. As we celebrate his life, let's continue on his legacy by living with compassion, kindness, and a relentless dedication to improving the lives of others. 
In four days, Iowans will gather in every corner of the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. It's a big responsibility — and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible about what's at stake. Take action today: 
The fact is this pandemic has exposed the cracks in our already broken mental health care system.  We can and must do better.  As president, I’ll fight to achieve mental health parity, expand access to care, and wipe out the stigma. #WorldMentalHealthDay
Every day President Trump proves how morally unfit he is to sit in the Oval Office. A president should bring out our best as Americans — not echo schoolyard bullies with taunts based on physical appearance. 
Watch VP Biden fire up the crowd in Waterloo, Iowa last month on President Obama’s record of supporting American jobs: 
The Trump Administration's "Infrastructure Weeks" have been a bunch of malarkey. As president, I'll make a transformational investment in our nation's infrastructure and future.   
And to Trump and those who facilitate his abuses of power, and all the special interests funding his attacks against me: Please know that I’m not going anywhere. You won’t destroy me, and you won’t destroy my family. And come November 2020, I intend to beat you like a drum.
As the daughter of Jamaican and Indian immigrants, @KamalaHarris grew up believing in the promise of America because she saw it firsthand.  Together, Kamala and I are going to fight every single day in the White House to make sure that promise is fulfilled for all Americans.
RT if you're on #TeamJoe
“If you put the wrong person in office, you'll see things that you would not have believed are possible." 
Mitt Romney’s tax plan could lead to higher costs for seniors—send an eCard to spread the word: 
The truth of our nation is that too often the color of your skin alone can endanger your life and, for far too long, systemic racism has oppressed communities of color in the United States.  It has to change.
Using religion or culture to discriminate against or demonize LGBTQ individuals is never justified—not anywhere in the world.  I will send a clear message from the top of our government: prejudice is prejudice, inhumanity is inhumanity, and the U.S. will not stand for it. 
The Trump Administration continues to attack the progress the LGBTQ community has made. As president, passing the Equality Act will be a top legislative priority, because no one should be fired simply because of who they are or whom they love. 
This is bigger than any one of us. This calls for a national rallying to come together. #DemDebate
In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, we need to provide immediate relief to those who are drowning in student debt. 
Iowa — if you’re in line at your caucus location by 7 PM CT, you can caucus! 
John — and farmers across the country — can’t afford four more years of a climate change denier in the White House. 
.@BarackObama is right: President Trump wants full credit for the economy he inherited and zero blame for the pandemic he ignored. 
Adi is an incredible young advocate for the transgender community. He also graduated high school today. We wanted to say congrats...with a couple friends! 
Written off by Romney: “The 63-year-old Vietnam War veteran who goes to the VA hospital once a week to get help and treatment.”
Trump thinks the media is the enemy of the people. He's dead wrong.  America’s commitment to free press, free speech, and free expression should never waver, and certainly not in the face of Chinese authoritarianism. We've got to stand up for these freedoms at home and abroad. 
Donald Trump stacked the Supreme Court with justices to try to overturn Roe v. Wade—and now Republicans are seizing the opportunity to restrict a woman's constitutional right to choose. We have to fight these attacks and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor. 
We need a president who chooses unity over division.
George Floyd deserved better and his family deserves justice. His life mattered.  I'm grateful for the swift action in Minneapolis to fire the officers involved — they must be held responsible for their egregious actions. The FBI should conduct a thorough investigation. 
Everyone knows that we're facing a real crisis from the coronavirus. But do you know how we got here and what we need to do next? Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks it down for us: 
The Senate shouldn't vote until the American people do.
I want a safe America — safe from COVID, safe from crime and looting, safe from racially motivated violence, safe from bad cops.   And let’s be crystal clear: Safe from four more years of Donald Trump.
We need a president our children can look up to. 
I know the history of this country. I’m amazed how far we’ve come, but I know how much further we have to go.  We can get there — together. 
What do Fig Newtons and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have in common? Listen to this preview of this week's podcast to find out — and then check out the full episode at  or wherever you get your podcasts. 
51 years ago today, a movement was born on Christopher Street. As we remember the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and the brave individuals who changed our world forever, let's recommit to finishing the job and finally achieving full LGBTQ+ equality. #Pride 
Heartbroken to hear the news from El Paso. Our thoughts are with those impacted by yet another senseless act of gun violence in America.  How many lives must be cut short? How many communities must be torn apart? It’s past time we take action and end our gun violence epidemic.
In-person early voting should be easy and convenient for all. The Flint, MI City Clerk's office will be open the last three weekends before Election Day for folks to cast their ballots. It's an example that cities and states across the country should follow.
We should be dedicating America’s brightest minds to solving the gun violence epidemic. This funding for research on the causes and prevention of gun violence is long overdue. 
On the road in Iowa: 
In this moment, we have the chance to build an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. One more vibrant and more powerful because everyone is in on the deal.  Here's how we'll do it:  
Putin’s Russia invaded its neighbors, violated our sovereignty by undermining elections, and attacks dissidents abroad. Yet our President wants to reward him with a seat at the table while alienating our closest democratic allies. It makes no sense.
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate @PeteButtigieg’s endorsement. If you supported Pete, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. Join us in the fight to restore the soul of our nation:  
23 years ago today, the Violence Against Women Act became law. VAWA is changing the culture &amp; saving lives, but our work continues. #VAWA23
“It’s not just that manufacturing’s coming back. The middle class is coming back. America is coming back.”—VP Biden in Youngstown yesterday
My dad had to make that walk in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It wasn’t until I was older that I realized how hard it must have been for him.  But he was not alone. This story isn’t unique to the Bidens. Too many people around this country have had to make that walk.
I can't tell you how much Senator @AmyKlobuchar's endorsement means to me. From the moment she announced, it wasn’t hard to see she had the grit and determination to do anything she sets her mind to. That's why I'm confident that we'll beat Donald Trump, together. 
I can’t wait for @KamalaHarris to make history at tomorrow night’s debate. Before she takes the stage, don’t miss this event with @MindyKaling, @PadmaLakshmi, @DJCassidy, and more.  RSVP today: 
This image is gut-wrenching. The cruelty we're seeing at our border is unconscionable. History will judge how we respond to the Trump Administration’s treatment of immigrant families &amp; children—we can’t be silent. This isn't who we are. This is not America.
Weigh in with what you’d like to see on the @CFPB’s “Know Before You Owe” college financial aid shopping sheet: 
I have always believed you can define America in one word: possibilities. And I refuse to postpone those possibilities any longer.  There is so much we can achieve as a nation with Donald Trump out of the White House.
Every single American deserves access to regular, reliable, and free COVID-19 testing. Period.
This afternoon in Sumter, South Carolina, I discussed why I decided to run for Senate years ago — to stand up to the abuse of power and to ensure all Americans have a fair shot at the American dream. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! 
Every day it becomes clearer, we cannot give Donald Trump four more years in the White House. Stand with me, and together we can make him a one-term president: 
I’ve said it many times: I’m more optimistic about America’s future today than I was when I got elected to the United States Senate as a 29-year-old.
Ten years ago, the Supreme Court unleashed an unlimited flood of dark money into our politics with its Citizens United decision—further corrupting our politics &amp; eroding faith in our democracy.  It’s time we end Citizens United. Add your name if you agree: 
Instead of using his statement today to lay out a coherent strategy on Iran, Donald Trump used it to mislead the country on the Obama-Biden record. He's been President for three years. It's time he stops blaming President Obama for his failures.
I commend the Task Forces for their service and for helping build a bold, transformative platform for our party and for our country. And I am deeply grateful to @BernieSanders for working with us to unite our party and deliver real, lasting change for generations to come. 
“‘Right to work’ means the right to work for less, not for what you deserve. That's not going to happen as long as we’re here.”—VP Biden
We can’t let Donald Trump destroy the U.S. Postal Service.
The Vice President is in Joplin, Missouri today. Here's why: 
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by the men and women who defend our nation at war. Veterans Day offers us a moment to reflect on that obligation, and to recommit ourselves to all that it truly means. 
VP Biden reflects on President Obama’s unwavering commitment to veterans: 
Had great pancakes and great conversation at Tasty Cafe in Eldridge before heading to Clinton Community College for our final event this trip. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa! 
VP Biden responds to Romney and Ryan writing off half the American people: 
Mexico isn’t paying for the wall. American military families are.   China isn’t paying for the tariffs. American farmers and manufacturers are.   The American people continue to foot the bill for President Trump’s senseless political games.
Vote for respect. Vote for decency. Vote for truth. Vote for leadership.  
Ignore the polls. We can't take anything for granted this November — the stakes are simply too high.   Register to vote:    Donate:    Volunteer:    Let's get to work. 
.@GabbyGiffords’ dedication to making our communities safer continues to be an inspiration. I join her in urging the Senate to vote on #BackgroundChecksNow. We must take on the @NRA and end the epidemic of gun violence in our country. 
Thank you @HRC for having me tonight in Columbus. At a time when we’re seeing the forces of hate and intolerance push back on the progress we’ve made, your courage and grit gives me hope. I will always stand beside you as we fight for equality. 
My plan will counter the rise in hate crimes &amp; reinvigorate community-oriented policing in order to root out persistent crime and hold violent offenders accountable. Read our plan at  
The challenge before us right now is still immense and growing, and so is the need for bold action to fight this pandemic.
"This is the person, along with Donald Trump, who says we should not be spending money on Pell Grants." —VP Biden on Rubio at @FAMU_1887
President Obama: "I’m calling on Congress to extend the tax cuts on the 98% of Americans who make less than $250,000 a year.”
When it comes to our national security, the choice is clear:  #RomneyNotReady
Change starts at the local level — I learned that firsthand as a 28-year-old on the New Castle County Council. On #NationalRunforOfficeDay, I'm asking you to join me and run for something. There is too much at stake in 2020 to sit on the sidelines. 
.@DrBiden and I are grateful for the brave first responders working around the clock to contain the California fires. Our thoughts are with the Californians affected by the fires; our prayers will be for your safety. 
I congratulate our special forces, our intelligence community, and all our brave military professionals on delivering justice to the terrorist Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The world is better and safer without him in it. 
Living open and proud is a daily act of bravery — bravery that resides in the heart of every single LGBTQ individual.  To those who have come out and to those who haven’t, know that I’m proud of you. You are loved and you are accepted just as you are. #ComingOutDay
Here’s the deal: Joe Biden introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate, and he’s been at the forefront of the fight ever since.  Don’t just take our word for it, @PolitiFact called Joe Biden a climate change pioneer. #ClimateTownHall  
Incredible progress in cancer research and treatment in just the last year offers new promise and new hope. You can win this fight, John.
Today, we remember the lives taken one year ago at the Tree of Life Synagogue. We must constantly strive to live up to the American ideal that we're all created equal, while facing the harsh reality that hate has long torn us apart. The battle isn't over. We must end this hate.
Pick out your favorite bumper sticker, and we’ll send it to you for free: 
It's hard to read this story and not conclude one thing: The Trump Administration failed the American people. 
The brave citizens of Belarus are showing their voices will not be silenced by terror or torture. The U.S. should support Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya's call for fair elections. Russia must be told not to interfere—this is not about geopolitics but the right to choose one's leaders.
I was proud to work with Matthew’s parents, Judy and Dennis, to extend our hate crimes law to cover sexual orientation and gender identity. But there’s still more work to be done — we can’t rest until every single American can live open and proud without fear.
We can't let history repeat itself — Facebook needs to act now to stop the spread of disinformation and protect our elections. Watch my deputy campaign manager Kate Bedingfield break down what's happening and how you can help us fix it:  
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can't go back to the way things were before — we have to take a bold step forward and usher in a new era of equality and opportunity.  We can do it, together.
Over the last few weeks, I worked with our supporters and staff to create a code for our campaign—the principles we’ll live by, reflecting the community we’ve built, the team we aspire to be, and some of my own ‘rules’ as well.  I’m excited to share it:  
The VP believes students should know how much a year of college will cost—and what types of financial aid are available to them.
I truly believe that we can revitalize American manufacturing and create a better economy at the same time. I want to build an economy that brings everyone along — one that works for the middle class, not just the wealthy and well-connected. 
Across the country, health care premiums are rising because of President Trump. His attempts to tear down Obamacare have rattled the insurance marketplace and driven up costs for hardworking Americans. It's unacceptable. 
Coronavirus is bigger than any one of us. Please take care of yourself, wash your hands, and practice social distancing. We will get through this — together. 
I’m confident that we will emerge victorious.  But this will not be my victory alone.  It will be a victory for the American people. 
"Please, please, please, up until the polls close, do everything you can.” –VP Biden  
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. This is the United States of America. We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
Donald Trump voted by mail. You should be able to as well.
Looking forward to joining @NEAToday to discuss my plan for #StrongPublicSchools. I know from watching @DrBiden all these years that, for educators, their profession isn’t just what they do, it’s who they are — and it’s time we support them with the pay and dignity they deserve. 
Speaking in Virginia today, President Obama coined a new term to describe Mitt Romney’s deceptive policies: #Romnesia.
"12 years of education is not enough in the 21st century... simply not enough." —VP  Dems want to prioritize sending students to college.
The leading Democrat opposed to impeachment is switching parties to protect Trump.  The best way to beat him is to give him a well funded opponent — and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket.  Pitch in to me and the Democrat who will face him:  
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were before. We have to build a better future for all.  We can and will transform this nation — together.
I will be a president who pushes towards the future. Not one who clings to the past.
VP in NC: “We see an America where my granddaughters have every single solitary opportunity my grandson has—every single one.”
Every patriotic American who is qualified to serve in our military should be able to serve. Full stop.
54 years ago, the #VotingRightsAct brought our nation closer to living up to our founding ideals of equality, equity, and fairness for all. 
It’s young people like the @NHYoungDems that give me so much hope and excitement for the future of our country. 
This is powerful. I would encourage everyone to read and take to heart Kyle’s message on privilege. 
No se puede negar la amenaza existencial del cambio climático, y se está acabando el tiempo para abordarlo. Tenemos que tomar medidas sin precedentes aquí en nuestro país y unir al mundo para hacer frente a esta crisis.   Lea el plan completo: 
President Trump works for the @NRA.  I’ll work for the American people. 
Right now:   - Almost 23 million Americans are on unemployment - Nearly 1 in 5 small businesses have closed their doors - Millions of people are at risk of being evicted   We simply can’t afford another four years of Donald Trump.
It favors the powerful over the powerless and stacks the deck even further against working people.  It's wrong.
We are the United States of America. We can beat this virus.  There is no challenge we cannot meet, no enemy we cannot face, no threat we cannot conquer when we stand together.
The effects of climate change are devastating, and we must take action.  My bold plan will ensure the U.S leads the world to address the climate emergency.  
NBC did a poll the other day. Who did it say the best person to beat Donald Trump was?   Me. #DemDebate 
"We've come too far to turn back now. We've got too much work to do." 
I’m going to shut down the virus, not the country.
Together we can, and will, make Donald Trump a one-term president.
It’s time we replace Secretary Betsy DeVos with an actual public school educator — one who values our public schools and is capable of guiding all of our schools through this pandemic.  Vote:  
As we mark the 57th anniversary of the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech, we must continue the hard work of perfecting our union. It's up to all of us to carry on the march toward equality, liberty, and justice for all.
Under this president, we have become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided, and more violent.   When I was vice president, we inherited a recession, I was asked to fix it, and I did.  We left Donald Trump a booming economy, and he caused a recession. 
The Affordable Care Act changed the life of @DrBiden’s sister — like it did millions of Americans — by giving her access to the health care she needed. We can’t afford to start over. 
Your vote will help determine the future of our country. I’m in Wisconsin to urge folks to use that power. Tune in. 
Our democracy is in trouble. We’re at the breaking point. And we need a president who will rise above the personal attacks and reach out to unite this nation.  If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing we can’t accomplish.
Vice President-elect @KamalaHarris and I spent the afternoon meeting with a bipartisan group of mayors. It was just the start of what I know will be a strong partnership in the months and years ahead. Together, we’re going to beat COVID-19 and build back better. 
It’s time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
When we come together and act as one America, there's not a single thing we cannot accomplish.
We've got to level with the American people. Don't play games with them. Tell them the truth and be authentic. 
Happy Halloween from the entire Biden family! We hope your night is filled with few tricks and plenty of treats. 
We need more tests. Our front line workers need protective equipment. Americans need additional economic relief.  Yet the Trump Administration is spending time and energy on President Trump's wasteful border wall.  Unbelievable. 
Come January, there won’t be any time to waste repairing the damage of the last four years and beginning the work of building back better.  @KamalaHarris and I are ready to get to work on day one. 
Mr. President, Jill and I are sad to learn of your younger brother Robert’s passing. I know the tremendous pain of losing a loved one — and I know how important family is in moments like these. I hope you know that our prayers are with you all.
Together, we can solve the crises we’re facing and win the battle for the soul of the nation. It all begins on Tuesday. Tune in as we get out the vote in Pennsylvania. 
A statement from VP Biden on Mitt Romney’s critiques of the President's foreign policy record today: “Empty rhetoric and bluster."
Today America stands strong and proud. 
Enough is enough. As a nation, we need to take common-sense steps to end this epidemic of gun violence.  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell should reconvene the Senate and pass the House’s universal background check bill. We cannot wait to take action. 
.@DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Larry Kramer, an American hero. Through his activism, Larry taught us all how to speak up and demand our government do its job. His outspokenness raised our consciousness on HIV/AIDS and saved countless lives. 
We must take action to end the gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough. 
Looking good! #TBT 
Companies continue to squeeze every last penny out of workers, making it harder and harder for Americans to make ends meet. It’s way past time we make a $15 minimum wage the law of the land.
South Carolina, I can't thank you enough. Tonight's big victory has launched us forward, and we need your help to keep the momentum going.  Please chip in a few dollars if you can — it'll make a big difference:  
For decades, the Endangered Species Act has protected our most vulnerable wildlife from extinction. Now, President Trump wants to throw it all away.   At a time when climate change is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections — not weaken them. 
The science is clear: we need action now, and we can't do it alone. As president, I will take unprecedented action at home and abroad to tackle the climate crisis head on. #DemDebate 
Jalal Talabani was a champion of the US-Iraq partnership and a friend, whose unifying leadership will be missed.
64 years ago, 14-year-old Emmett Till was brutally murdered in Mississippi. His death sparked national outrage and served as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement. It serves as a reminder of the need to reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor.
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all — and it's long past time we lived up to it.
The election is already underway.  Millions of Americans are voting.   And they deserve to have their voices heard when it comes to who serves on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Our health care workers are putting their lives on the line every day, and our president is accusing them of stealing lifesaving supplies. It's time for Donald Trump to do his job, so our heroes are able to do theirs. Lives are at stake. 
I know how to beat the NRA because I’ve done it before - twice. I shepherded through the passage of the Brady background check bill in 1993, and bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines in 1994. As president, I will defeat the NRA again.
Joe Biden has a bold plan to end our gun violence epidemic. But it’s going to take more than plans—it’s going to take leadership and a proven ability to get things done.  He's banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before &amp; he'll do it again.  
5 years ago I watched Pres. Obama sign the Affordable Care Act. We should all be proud of the difference it's made in millions of lives –Joe
Today in 1967, the Supreme Court struck down interracial marriage bans in Loving v. Virginia—a decision that inched us closer to our founding ideals of equality, equity, &amp; fairness.  The decision reminds us progress doesn’t happen on its own—every generation has to fight for it.
They may have murdered our heroes, but the dream still lives buried deep in our broken hearts. Fifty years after he was taken from us, Robert Kennedy still inspires. #RFK50
Blue skies and sunshine greeted Vice President Biden in Ohio this morning. 
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. That’s why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose what’s best for them. 
Donald Trump lacks the moral authority to lead our country. Every day he spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
My faith has been my anchor through highs and lows –– a guiding light that taught me the values of honesty, decency, and treating others with respect.  As president, it will continue to serve as a source of strength. 
We have just six more days left in this election — and the American people have the power in their hands to put our country on a vastly different path.  Make your plan to vote today: 
Jill and I are sending our prayers to the Bryant family and to everyone who lost loved ones in today’s crash. It’s a reminder of how special — and fragile — life is. And it’s a reminder that we’ve got to make every day count.
In the middle of a pandemic, Donald Trump is trying to force through the confirmation of a Justice who will help him destroy Obamacare.  Health care is at stake. Protections for pre-existing conditions are at stake.  We can't let them win. 
Today in New York City, I laid out my foreign policy vision for America. A vision built on restoring dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage.
“When Joe &amp; Barack were elected, like so many of you, one of my main hopes was that we end the war in Iraq. The President kept his promise.”
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare.  We can't let him. 
It didn’t have to be this bad. But we have a president who is more interested in taking a victory lap than he is in doing the work needed to solve this crisis.  We need a president who will put the American people first — and actually do the work. 
The people of Pennsylvania’s 18th district showed up yesterday. They demonstrated that they want to be represented by someone who stands up for working people with actions, not just words. Who has heart. They found that in @ConorLambPA. He will represent them well.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. But I know — with passionate folks like those at last night’s @iowawingding — we will win. 
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning—we're taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to talk with voters. Every conversation makes a big difference, and it's as easy as sending a text. Sign up to help today:  
Donald Trump wants to declare this health crisis over and unemployment solved so that he can get back to his campaign rallies. But he’s wrong — on both fronts.  We need a president who will actually do the work needed to get us through these crises.
“In the end, that’s what the presidency’s all about: Your character. Your convictions.”—VP Biden to the NAACP today
It's wrong what GM is doing to its workers — they deserve better. I'm proud to stand in solidarity with @UAW members on strike as they fight for fair wages, good benefits, and their hard-earned share of the profits. 
Let's call Trump’s travel ban what it is: a disgrace. We are a nation of immigrants, and we need a leader who recognizes that our diversity is our greatest asset. 
May today serve as a reminder of our solemn duty to look after the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces and sacrificed so much for this country. #VeteransDay2017. 
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be expanding the number of testing sites and surging the number of tests — not reducing them. Testing is key to finding a way out of this crisis. 
Educators deserve a partner in the White House. As president, I will support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. Learn more about my plan for educators, students, and our future: 
We are in the midst of a crisis with the coronavirus. We need to lead the way with science — not Donald Trump’s record of hysteria, xenophobia, and fear-mongering. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency.
Much has been made of changes in President Trump's tone in recent days. But with our health care system at risk, a virus spreading, our economy on the brink — and so many lives at stake — it’s time to be less interested in his words and more focused on his actions — or inaction. 
VP Biden on the GOP and Mitt Romney: “It looks as though they decided that public education is not worth the investment anymore.”
We need your help to make calls and ensure every voter turns out to cast their ballot for Democrats tomorrow:  
President Trump is spending millions of dollars attacking me because he's scared I'll beat him.  But I’m not going anywhere. I won’t let Donald Trump choose the Democratic nominee. 
Donald Trump has made hate, division, and dog whistles central to his campaign from the very beginning – and last week he couldn't even condemn white supremacists. It’s a pattern.
"Give the people a chance. Ordinary people can do extraordinary things. I'm counting on you to do extraordinary things." 
"I don’t know anybody, in the neighborhoods I grew up in, who could go 3 months without a paycheck." —VP   Democrats believe in paid leave.
It’s time for us to take a hard look at uncomfortable truths.  It’s time for us to face the deep, open wound we have in this nation.  We need justice for George Floyd.
Today, we honor the service of those who have worn the uniform of the Armed Forces of the United States.   To our proud veterans—I will be a commander in chief who respects your sacrifice, understands your service, and will never betray the values you fought so bravely to defend.
Puerto Rico aún se está recuperando de la devastación del huracán María. Ahora, en lugar de apoyar la reconstrucción, Trump está desviando $400 millones de dólares para su construir su muro que estaban planificados para proyectos militares en Puerto Rico. Es inaceptable.
From banning assault weapons to passing Obamacare — I know what it takes to pass important, consequential legislation. I'm the only person in this race with the proven ability to get the job done. 
Toni Morrison had an incredible ability to translate the everyday experience of African Americans into written word. Her writing had the power to open minds, shift political discourse, and shape the views of generations. She will be sorely missed. 
The President needs to stop blaming others and do his job.
We’re months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have an effective national testing strategy.   I do: 
There’s no other way to put it: the President of the United States refused to disavow white supremacists on the debate stage last night. 
Getting the Violence Against Women Act passed is one of the highlights of my whole career. Now Senate Republicans are refusing to reauthorize it. To all the advocates and survivors speaking out - your voice makes all the difference. It always has. So keep it up. #VAWA4ALL
I led the successful fight in the 1980s to stop Jeff Sessions’ nomination for a federal judgeship. I hope the people of Alabama will stop him from rejoining the Senate next year.
Three years ago today, VP Biden joined President Obama as he nominated Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court: 
VP Biden: “You don't have to worry about Barack Obama fundamentally flopping and flipping on important issues of the day.”
Help your friends and loved ones get the peace of mind of health insurance for 2018. Remind them that this Friday is the deadline to sign up for health insurance through 
HBCUs and MSIs play a vital role in our communities. As president, I’ll invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success.  Read my full plan: 
Gov. Ducey is rushing reopening without adequate testing and contact tracing.  He’s withholding support for increased testing and making local leaders plead for it.  He’s refusing to implement a mask mandate and turning his back on older Americans and those at greater risk.
Read Dr. Biden’s powerful account of her son’s deployment to Iraq in 2008: 
We have to take on the inequalities in our system that are causing too many today—in America and around the world—to question their faith in the ability of democracy to deliver for them.  It’s not enough to be for political equality. We have to be for economic fairness as well.
With just one day until the New Hampshire primary, we’re hard at work making our final case to voters — and we need your help. Chip in today to help us deliver our closing argument to as many Granite Staters as possible: 
If you’re standing with President Obama tonight, be sure to register to vote. It takes less than 5 minutes: 
“Every single day in my classroom, I see the power of education to break down barriers &amp; instill confidence.”—Dr. Biden 
Folks, if you live in:  Arizona Arkansas Florida Georgia Hawaii Indiana Kentucky Mississippi Ohio South Carolina Tennessee Texas  Today is your last day to register to vote. Head to  to get registered before it's too late. 
Let's be clear: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.  That's why I took on the @NRA and passed a 10-year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines — and I'll do it again as president. 
Join Dr. Jill Biden as a woman for Obama: 
I am at a loss for what more to say. I grieve with the families in Parkland today. I grieve with the families across the country who have suffered loss due to gun violence. Congress has a moral obligation to take action and spare more families from this violence.
.@AndrewCuomo, thank you for your leadership and the example you’ve set for all Americans during this pandemic. #DemConvention 
“Hillary is going to need a Democratic Senate.” –VP Biden campaigning with @CatherineForNV
Let me be clear: This crisis isn’t about you, Mr. President. 
We’re building a campaign powered by the backbone and the base of the Democratic party. A campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. Join us: 
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, all he can muster is one word: “hoax.”   When I think about climate change, I think of a word as well: “jobs.”   Good-paying, union jobs that put Americans to work. 
I’m in Durham, North Carolina, encouraging folks to make their plan to vote early. Tune in — and then head to  to make yours. 
“Romney and Ryan made it very clear they're willing to impose their private views on the public.”—VP on Romney-Ryan’s women’s health views
It’s good to be back in Iowa! We kicked off our trip by discussing our bold vision for the future with some great folks in Warren County and Urbandale. Thank you to everyone who came out. 
We need a president who will stand up to the @NRA — not stand with them against gun safety reform. 
There is no quit in America — and you deserve a president who won’t quit on you.
I wish I could say this hate began with Trump and will end with him. It didn’t &amp; it won’t.  The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull between the American ideal that we are all created equal &amp; the harsh reality that racism has long torn us apart.
Don’t forget to watch the President speak on building an economy that works for everyone at 1:45pm ET: 
In the middle of the worst public health crisis in our lifetime, President Trump is actively trying to terminate health insurance for millions of Americans. It's unthinkable.  Here's what I would do to ensure everyone has access to the coverage they need: 
This morning, I’ll be joined by @TomWolfPA for a conversation on how COVID-19 is making an impact on states.   Tune in live at 10:30AM EDT:  
Scranton, she has your back. Do you have hers? Visit  to make sure you're ready to vote for Hillary in November. -Joe
Thoughts and prayers won’t solve our broken gun laws. We need politicians with the courage to stand up to the powerful gun lobby and tell them that they don’t own this country.  I’ve beaten the @NRA twice, and I’ll do it again in the White House.
The Affordable Care Act was a huge step forward for this country. Now we have to finish the job and make health care a right, not a privilege, and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve.
Donald Trump talks a lot about the art of the deal. But under his watch, China has perfected the art of the steal. 
Michigan — You don’t have to wait until November 3rd to cast your ballot, early voting begins today across the state.  It's easy and it's important: head to  to make your plan to vote early. 
To beat COVID-19, we need a coordinated national response from the federal government — but Donald Trump refuses to do his job. I've laid out exactly what I would do, and I encourage this president to adopt the plan in its entirety: 
Your service has been a great gift to the country, and your friendship and brotherhood are a great gift to me. Happy birthday, @BarackObama. 
We are at a crucial moment. We can survive four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen.  Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president: 
The team @LombardiCancer has just made a valuable database of brain cancer biomedical data freely available to researchers globally. We need efforts like this to advance progress against cancer. 
55 years ago today, Medicare and Medicaid were signed into law. And ever since, they've extended lives, enhanced liberty, and put the pursuit of happiness within reach for millions.  I'll protect and expand these programs for generations to come. 
Our movement’s strength is rooted in communities all across this country. That’s why we’re bringing together #TeamJoe to officially kick off our campaign. Sign up to help by hosting a watch party in your community at  
As Hurricane Hanna makes landfall, Jill and I are sending our prayers to the people of South Texas. We must ensure that affected residents get the support they need — and get it quickly. If you are in an impacted region, please heed the advice of local officials and seek shelter.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about dignity. It’s about being able to look your child in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. But far too many people today can’t do that.  We’ve got to rebuild America’s middle class and ensure everyone gets a fair shot. 
This is our moment to root out systemic racism and build a nation true to our founding ideals. A nation where all men and women are not only created equal — but treated equally.   Here's how we'll advance racial economic equity: 
Whether it is antisemitism in Pittsburgh, racism in Charlottesville, or the xenophobia and Islamophobia today in Christchurch, violent hate is on the march at home and abroad. We cannot stand by as mosques are turned into murder scenes.
Donald Trump has had a lot of failures in his career, but he knows how to do one thing well: inherit something great and squander it. And never take any responsibility. 
I am grateful for your friendship and leadership, @AbeShinzo. I’m sad to see you step down, but I know the strong alliance between our countries and peoples will continue for generations to come. Wishing you good health in the years ahead, my friend. 
Arizona — your voter registration deadline has been extended! Head to  to get registered online before 11:59 PM on Thursday, October 15.
We're excited to announce that @JoeBiden is being rebooted for the 2012 campaign season to give you news of the Vice President on the trail.
I have no illusion about how tough the road ahead is. But I’m optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country.  Given a chance, ordinary Americans can do extraordinary things. 
Today, @KamalaHarris and I met with some of our country's most experienced national security experts to discuss the challenges facing our nation, our institutions, and the world. We're ready to tackle the challenges our administration will inherit on day one. 
I'm ready to debate Donald Trump on the economy. The American people are getting clobbered, and the wealthy are the only ones doing well. We have to rebuild the middle class, and this time, make sure everyone comes along. 
President Trump and congressional Republicans will stop at nothing to repeal Obamacare. We’ve seen how close they’ve come—just one vote away. We can’t give them another chance.  I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. 
Our choice in November is between division and hate — and the idea that we're stronger together. Let’s go. 
If you heart Joe, say it here:  
Los Dreamers son estadounidenses. Trump les quitó la protección que lograron con tanto esfuerzo. Esto es inaceptable. El primer día de mi presidencia enviaré un proyecto de ley al Congreso que protegerá a los beneficiarios de DACA de la deportación. 
We will make historic investments in education and training to ensure every American has a reliable path to the middle class—regardless of their parents’ income or the color of their skin.  Wondering how the plan will benefit you? Take the quiz:  
1 in 4 U.S. workers has filed for unemployment benefits in the last 10 weeks. It’s a crisis unlike anything we’ve seen in our lifetime — and the Trump Administration is failing to do enough to help.
Campbell is an incredible young man, and I’m proud to have played a small part in his journey. 
Two years ago, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico — devastating the island and killing thousands.  At a time when our fellow Americans needed help the most, President Trump failed them. 
Tonight, Jill and I are thinking about the 150,000 families left emptier by this virus.  To anyone who’s struggling, sick, or wondering how they’ll get through the day: know that I will not abandon you.   We’ll fight through this crisis together, and emerge stronger than ever.
We had a great night at tonight's CNN town hall — and with just two days until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to keep our momentum going. Every dollar goes a long way during this critical stretch. Chip in today: 
In April, we raised $60.5 million between my campaign and @TheDemocrats. I'm humbled and know what a sacrifice it is to give in times as difficult as these. But May is our most important month yet, and we need your help. If you can, please chip in today: 
Make sure everyone votes today—hop on the phone and talk to voters in key states: 
When Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, the President threw paper towels and abandoned the victims.  Turns out he even wanted to sell the island. He turned his back on Puerto Ricans, but I promise you this: I never will. 
We can do all this and more – all that stands in the way is a broken political system. We have to unite this country. And we can do it without compromising our principles. That’s the only way we’re going to be able to harness the incredible potential of the American people.
President Trump stokes the flames of hatred, coddles white nationalists with messages of support, and preys on our deepest divisions. If we give him four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation.  We can’t let that happen.
Across the country, people rely on public transportation to get to work, see loved ones, and access essential services. But that's all under threat because Republicans refuse to do their jobs.  Congress must act now to save public transit.
I've taken on the Castros and Putins of the world. I let them know: it stops here. It stops with me. It stops with me as president. 
VP Biden on the GOP budget: “They refer to it as ‘bold’ and ‘gutsy.’ I don’t get what’s gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break.”
We only have one opportunity to reset our democracy after Trump—we have to be prepared to make the most of it.  First, we must repair and reinvigorate our own democracy. 
Folks, it may be hard to believe, but we have just over 100 days until Election Day. I know we can beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than before — but we need your help to do it.  If you're able, please chip in today: 
If you're exhibiting symptoms of COVID-19 — or might be at risk — absentee or vote by mail options are the best way to make your voice heard, while protecting your neighbors.
Folks, there was only one person on last night’s debate stage who’s fit to serve as Vice President — and her name is @KamalaHarris.
As president, I'll build on Obamacare to ensure every single American has access to quality, affordable health care.  Here's how: 
President Trump continuously dishonors everything it means to hold the office of President of the United States of America. We must make him a one-term president.
My statement on the killing of Qassem Soleimani. 
You don’t need to be a Vice President or a podcast star to to make a difference in this election.   Volunteer now, knock on some doors, and make sure you show up to vote this Tuesday. 
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. We can’t sit by while hate crimes surge — fueled by a president who fans the flames of white nationalism. It’s up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor. 
The Supreme Court is on the ballot. And the outcome will impact everything from health care to civil rights — affecting generations to come.   Vote. Our future depends on it. 
If we want to build back better and deliver real change for the American people, then we've got to flip the U.S. Senate. And the path to doing so runs right through Maine. Thank you, @SaraGideon for being with us tonight. #DemConvention 
I’m feeling good about what’s to come for our campaign in Nevada, South Carolina and beyond. I could use your help to keep this momentum going.   Chip in what you can, it’ll make a big difference for our campaign:  
I know tensions can be high after a tough election like we just had.  But we need to remain calm. Patient. And let the process work out as we count all the votes.
It's simple: The White House and @senatemajldr have tried to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. 
I’ve never been more optimistic about the future of America. There’s not a single thing we can’t do if we do it together. 
Under Joe Biden’s plan for a clean energy revolution and environmental justice, we will:   ✅ Achieve a 100% clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by 2050 ✅ Rejoin the #ParisAgreement on day one and rally the world to go further ✅ Stand up to polluters  #ClimateTownHall 
At this moment, we're facing both the worst public health crisis of our lifetime and the existential threat of climate change.  We need a president who believes in science.
Americans are safer when America is engaged in strengthening global health. On my first day as President, I will rejoin the @WHO and restore our leadership on the world stage. 
Congratulations for making history, @Astro_Christina and @Astro_Jessica. Because of you, every girl knows that even the stars are not beyond her reach. #AllWomanSpaceWalk
(I'm with her.) 
Siempre estuve orgulloso de servir junto al presidente Obama, pero nunca más que cuando aprobamos la Ley del Cuidado de Salud a Bajo Costo. Como presidente, protegeré y ampliaré Obamacare para garantizar que cada estadounidense reciba la atención médica que merece. 
VP Biden spoke from the heart last night—watch his speech and get inspired all over again: 
We have to get real about health care. The American people deserve the truth and an explanation of what Medicare for All will cost — not political games. #DemDebate 
If you have a minute, read these stories of folks coming together and helping out their neighbors. They represent who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We look out for each other. And that’s how we’ll get through this — together. 
Today, South Carolina has the chance to set our nation on a new path. Let’s go.   
Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits — and the right to collectively bargain. I’m proud to stand with Detroit security officers today as they fight for a $15 minimum wage and union rights. #OneDetroit
There are actions that Congress can take right now if they were to listen to the majority of the American people who want to see our government take action to stop gun violence.
Donald Trump is on track to become the worst jobs president in modern American history. 
We’re facing some of the greatest challenges in our nation’s history — and it’s clear Donald Trump isn’t up for the job.  We need real leadership, right now.
We need real policing reform, and we need it now. Congress should immediately:  - Outlaw chokeholds - Improve oversight and accountability - Create a model use of force standard - Stop the transfer of weapons of war to local police forces
VP: “We expanded from 6 million to 9 million students, tens of thousands here in Virginia who are going to college on a Pell Grant now.”
Les Gelb was a giant of American foreign policy, and several generations of thinkers and policy makers owe their success to Les' mentorship and intellectual generosity. @DrBiden and I send our deepest condolences to Judy, Adam, Caroline, Alison and all his grandchildren.
If we don’t get Donald Trump out of the White House and take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover. 
The election is underway across the country, and we need your help to spread the word on social media. Sign up to help, and let’s win this thing: 
Iowa was just the first step. Now, we’re taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to do it. I know we’ve asked a lot these last nine months, but there's never been a more crucial time for our campaign. Chip in today: 
GDP rose last quarter, but visits to food banks haven’t slowed, and poverty has grown. We’re on track for the worst economic downturn in over 70 years, and Donald Trump is on track to be the first president since Herbert Hoover to leave office with less jobs than when he came in.
The truth is the economy wasn’t working for folks long before these crises hit. It’s why @KamalaHarris and I won’t just build back to the way things were — we’ll build back better. We won’t be satisfied until the economy starts working for everyone.
I know that these past few years have felt like a constant crisis. But this moment is more than a crisis — it’s also an extraordinary opportunity. It’s a chance for us to come back together as a nation to reassert the values that define us as Americans.
We've gotta act now to keep the doors open for small businesses on Main Street.  It's simple: The government provides the guarantees; the banks have to move the loans out fast.  If they won't, we need a financial version of the Defense Production Act to make it happen. 
I believe our elections should be decided by the American people — not foreign governments.
I have said it many times in this campaign. This nation will be able to overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if this man is reelected, we won’t recognize this country in a few years.  We have to get Trump out of the White House.
In this moment of crisis, we should be sending federal resources to those who need it most. It's not just good economics — it's the right thing to do. We have to get this right.
Now that President Trump is busy tweeting campaign messages, I would ask him to do this: Listen to the scientists. Support masks. Support mask mandates nationwide.
It’s important to stay connected while we’re social distancing — but there’s always that one friend who doesn’t get the hint when it’s time to end the video chat.   Glad we don’t know anyone like that — right, @KeeganMKey? 
This is your chance to be a part of history.  Vote:  
Together, we're going to rebuild our economy. And when we do, we'll not only build it back — we'll build it back better.
Wishing everyone in the Orthodox Christian community a peaceful and joyful Easter celebration with friends, family and loved ones. God Bless.
You've got to get involved—we've got the last Dinner with Barack of this campaign coming up: 
20 million people gained coverage under Obamacare. But after countless attacks on the law by the Trump Administration, the uninsured rate increased for the first time since 2010 — leaving an additional 1.9 million people uninsured.  As president, I'll defend and build on the ACA. 
Every day we're reminded just how much is at stake in this election. We can't afford to have anyone sit on the sidelines.  Vote. 
Last week, President Trump claimed the virus would "fade away."  Now, we're facing a record-high number of new cases, and it's surging across the country.  Trump refuses to listen to the experts and take action — and we're all paying the price.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our town hall in Spartanburg, South Carolina! As I shared this afternoon, we need to repeal President Trump’s tax cuts for the super-wealthy, make college more affordable, and rebuild America’s middle class. 
Yesterday, @DrBiden and I had the opportunity to thank a few firefighters for their dedication to keeping Idaho safe.  I’ve witnessed the heroism of first responders—they rush into the face of danger every single day to save complete strangers. They are the best of America. 
Weapons of war have no place in our communities.   I’ve successfully taken on the @NRA to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before, and I’ll do it again in the White House. 
In January, while Donald Trump was downplaying COVID-19, I wrote an op-ed calling for immediate action to combat the growing threat.  In it, I also said Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis.  I stand by that statement. 
In America, no child’s future should be determined by their zip code, parents’ income, race, or disability. 
Folks, if you live in:  Idaho New York North Carolina Oklahoma  Today is your last day to register to vote. Head to  and get registered before it’s too late. 
“Out of many, Americans are one.” — @AmyKlobuchar #DemConvention 
Family separation will end on my watch — I promise you. 
As a presidential candidate, Romney’s father released 12 years of tax returns, saying, “One year could be a fluke, perhaps done for show.”
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president we’ve ever had — and the American people deserve to know what he’s hiding in his tax returns.
If there was ever a time for a change of pace, it is now. I recommend giving Michael’s new podcast a listen. 
I've always said you shouldn't let the barriers in life define you. Brayden sure as hell didn't let them define him. I'm proud to be a part of his story: 
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fought for all of us. She was a giant of the Court and unflinching in her pursuit of equal justice under the law. Because of her life’s work, we are closer to that more perfect union we’ve always strived to be. 
RT @VP: VP today on reauthorizing #VAWA: "What are we arguing about? This shouldn’t be hard."
You deserve a president who tells you the truth. 
When he said after Charlottesville that there were “very fine people on both sides” he gave license and safe harbor for hate to white supremacists, Neo-Nazis, and the KKK.  Those words stunned the nation and shocked the world.
Every single human being deserves to be treated with dignity. Everyone. The poor and the powerless, the marginalized and vulnerable, the “least of these.” That has been the animating principle of my life and my faith. 
We’re in the battle for the soul of this nation, but I’ve never been more optimistic about our future. If we work together, I know we can get this country back on track. Join our campaign: 
I have no illusions about how tough the road ahead is. But I’m optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country.  There is nothing we're unable to achieve when we do it together.
Before VP Biden debates Rep. Ryan on Thursday, make sure everyone you know has the facts on where they stand: 
You heard @KamalaHarris: Your voice is your vote. So get prepared for the election and make a plan for how you’ll cast your ballot. #DemConvention 
Obamacare was a huge step forward—providing protections to over 100 million Americans with pre-existing conditions. We can’t stop there. As president, I’ll protect &amp; build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
Check out our livestream of the VP debate tonight for exclusive coverage, starting at 9pm ET: 
It's past time to end the war in Afghanistan. Joe Biden has long believed that we should narrow our focus to counter-terrorism operations. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars every year to sustain a stalemate. #DemDebate
When I talk about our gun violence epidemic, I’m not only talking about the tragic mass shootings that make national news. I’m also talking about the shootings that occur every day in communities across the nation like Wilmington, Delaware.  We must take on the @NRA and end this. 
Donald Trump promised he would work for the forgotten American — instead, he’s forgotten about them.  From day one, my administration will be focused on building an inclusive middle class to ensure everyone has a fair shot at a better future. 
This country wasn’t built by Wall Street bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers. It was built by the American middle class. It’s time we recognize that.  We’ve got to build an economy and a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth.
.@realDonaldTrump, we have a message for you: release your tax returns or shut up about corruption.  Get yours today:
#ItsOnUs is making great progress toward ending sexual assault, but today we face new challenges: 
On the trail, I hear countless stories from folks whose lives have been changed by Obamacare. We can't afford to start over—we need a president who will protect and build on it to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable care. 
I know the American people have the capacity to meet this moment. There’s nothing we’ve been unable to accomplish if we do it together.
The primary is over, but we're just getting started. We're building a campaign to defeat Donald Trump and ensure that America finally lives up to our founding promises — but we can't do it without your help.  If you're with us, chip in today: 
Donald Trump has no idea what it means to be a part of the middle class. I do. 
The President laid out starkly the choice in this election—between Gov. Romney and the GOP vision and ours. Great speech. –Joe
Donald Trump has been president for almost four years.  The temperature in the country is higher, tensions run stronger, divisions run deeper.  And all of us are less safe because he can’t do the job of the American president.
The press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after last night's big victory, it's clear we are very much alive. 
We cannot yield an inch on all the progress we have made on civil rights and human rights.
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health — it’s health. Period. We've got to combat the stigma and ensure everyone has access to the care they need and deserve. #WorldMentalHealthDay
Barack and I are in this because we'll never stop fighting for you. You’ll see that tonight. –Joe
During Beau’s fight with glioblastoma, we learned about the incredible breakthroughs made in cancer treatment — and those that are right over the horizon. This is a fight we can't postpone. I know — with the power of America’s best minds — we can end cancer as we know it. #GBMDay
Campaign staff will run this account to keep you up to date on what the VP's up to, but you'll see occasional tweets from Joe himself, too.
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. It's who we are. And it's how we're going to get through this — together.
It's time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity and respect, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.  We are everything that Donald Trump is not.
I put my faith in Michigan in the depths of the Great Recession — and if you believe, as I do, that our greatest days still lie ahead, I hope that you’ll put your faith in Team Joe tomorrow. 
We have the power to write the future we want for this country — and it starts at the ballot box this November.  Register to vote today and let’s get to work:  