["I would like to congratulate the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) on being awarded this year's Nobel Peace Prize for its efforts to combat hunger and improve conditions for peace in regions of conflict. ", "How can something as simple as training your mind change the world? Join His Holiness and @healthyminds for a recorded dialogue on the science of well-being and wisdom. Learn more and register for the free, virtual event on October 9, 2020:\n ", "In our world today, everyone wants to live a happy life and indeed everyone has a right to a happy life. Yet we face problems, many of which are of our own making. If we look a little deeper, we may see that loving kindness is the key to our survival.", "Today, the world is interdependent as never before, which is why we need a keen sense of the oneness of all human beings. We have to take the whole of humanity into account. We have to understand what we have in common with everyone else.", "In a materialistically oriented world there isn\u2019t much understanding of the workings of the mind. What\u2019s necessary is to recognise the trouble caused by negative emotions and that we can develop antidotes to them. The antidote to fear and anger is compassion", "Where education advances material goals it should also include instruction about our mind and emotions\u2014how to achieve a calm mind and develop altruism. An important part of establishing peace of mind is being able to apply emotional hygiene\u2014learning to tackle destructive emotions", "Happiness can just refer to the pleasure we find on a sensory level, but real happiness is related to peace of mind. If we have a calm mind, fear and suspicion are reduced. Fear is a major source of unhappiness.", "Violence is not so much about the use of weapons as about the motive we have in our hearts. External disarmament will only be achieved if we first achieve inner disarmament. World peace will only be won on the basis of inner peace \u2014 achieving that is our #PeaceDayChallenge", "The time has come to accept that if we're talking about peace in the world, we first have to create peace within ourselves. Join us for @ThePeaceStudio summit on 9/21 as we think about ways we can #OfferPeace in our daily lives. RSVP here: ", "As human beings we essentially belong to the same family and we have to think of each other as part of \u2018us\u2019. To develop peace in the world, we have to educate people to understand that we are all the same in being human.", "Today, on the occasion of his 70th birthday, His Holiness the Dalai Lama has written to PM Narendra Modi wishing him many happy returns of the day, praying for his continued good health and praising the age-old Indian practices of ahimsa and karuna. ", "I have no hesitation in supporting initiatives that help protect the environment. This is a question of survival because this beautiful blue planet is our only home. ", "Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you\u2019re warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. A calm mind and self-confidence are the basis for happy and peaceful relations with each other.", "HHDL tells the G7 climate crisis conference we should think of the the whole world as interdependent and of the entire 7 billion human beings as one human community. Global warming is very serious. Many people suffer. We must pay more attention. ", "Children today are our hope for the future. Since global warming affects us all, must discuss taking care of our world at #LLSummit2020. Must also find ways to reduce the gap between rich &amp; poor. Join us on 9 Sept and call for a #FairShare4Children \u2014 ", "We all have troublesome emotions as well as the positive ones that bring us inner strength and tranquillity. It\u2019s important for us to be aware of our potential and let this inspire our self-confidence. To look only at the negative side and feel hopeless, is, I think, a wrong view", "HHDL offers condolences on the death of former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee and pays tribute to his many decades of dedicated public service \u2014 \"We can rejoice that for 84 years he led a meaningful life.\" ", "If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we\u2019ll not lack inner peace. But if our attitude is negative, influenced by fear, suspicion, or helplessness, even when surrounded by our best friends, in comfortable surroundings, we won\u2019t be happy.", "Inner World, an album of mantras and teachings explaining how being affectionate, kind and making friends can be effective ways to create a happy atmosphere and bring about a better world is available at  ", "To me, all these features that differentiate us, like wealth, position, status, and so on, are secondary. I truly believe we can learn to relate to one another on the basis of our shared humanity. And if individuals can learn to do that, there\u2019ll immediately be a basis for trust.", "Education today tends to focus on material goals. We seek sensory gratification in music or good things to look at, taste and touch. We may enjoy watching a game of sport, but once it ends the joy is over. What we really need is happiness that is rooted in the power of the mind.", "The real destroyer of our peace of mind isn\u2019t an external weapon or enemy, but our own destructive emotions. Neither our friends nor even the Buddha provide an opportunity to practice patience in the way that a hostile person does. And in so doing, an enemy can become our teacher", "Here and now in the 21st century, with the help of what scientists have learned about the brain, we need to learn how to achieve peace of mind. This is crucial, since world peace can only be built by individuals who are at peace with themselves.", "We can\u2019t remove external problems at will, but in terms of our inner world we can develop tolerance, forgiveness and contentment. If we have developed peace of mind, we can remain calm no matter what happens in the outside world.", "I commend the state government and all those engaged in providing relief to people affected by this natural calamity. As a mark of solidarity with the people of Bihar, I have asked the Dalai Lama Trust to make a donation to the relief and rescue efforts.  ", "As soon as I wake up in the morning, I remind myself that nothing exists as it appears. Then I think about sentient beings who want happiness, but experience suffering. I generate compassion for them, determined to help them as much as I can to eliminate their negative emotions.", "On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, I take the opportunity to urge governments, organizations and individuals to rededicate themselves to making the achievement of peace the centerpiece of our lives. ", "John Hume\u2019s deep conviction in the power of dialogue and negotiations to resolve conflict was unwavering. It was his leadership and his faith in the power of negotiations that enabled the 1998 Good Friday Agreement to be reached \u2014 an example for us all. ", "Young children are naturally honest, open and appreciate affection. Some scientists say that human beings are social animals with a natural concern for their own community. We see this among children. When they are young, they are naturally kind.", "Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui\u2019s contribution to Taiwan's democratic development was an exceptional achievement. The best tribute we can pay him is to remember his courage and determination and emulate his dedication to democracy. ", "You are human beings, I'm a human being; you want a happy life, and I want a happy life. But I think that aim will not be fulfilled only on the basis of material values; what we all want is affection and what we all need is to be more warm-hearted.", "The practice of compassion and altruism brings us peace of mind. Even if we face trouble or someone is critical of something we\u2019ve said or done, compassion enables us to feel grateful to them. Compassion is the best counter measure to anger, anxiety and so forth.", "It is heartening to know that European Union leaders have succeeded in meeting one of the toughest challenges in the organization\u2019s history by agreeing a package of measures to rescue their economies from the disruption caused by the pandemic.  ", "We are social animals, we have a natural concern for other members of our community. It's they on whom our lives depend. This is why we need to teach our children about their emotions and how to tackle those that are destructive. Our aim is a community of healthy human beings.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama's statement on the passing of Congressman John Lewis, USA.  ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his concern about the flooding in Assam, India in a gesture of solidarity with the people of Assam. ", "Regarding other human beings as our brothers and sisters can make our lives happier and more meaningful. Some people think that when we cultivate compassion and affection for others only they benefit\u2014in fact, we ourselves derive great benefit and satisfaction from such conduct", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama thanks those who sent greetings on the occasion of his 85th birthday. ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama's 85th Birthday Message ", "Peace means no disturbance, no danger. It relates to our mental attitude. If we have a calm mind, obstacles will be less disruptive. What\u2019s important to realize is that ultimately peace of mind is within us, it takes a warm heart and using our intelligence.", "All human beings have the capacity to be determined and to direct that determination in whatever direction they like. Realizing we have this potential gives us a fundamental strength, enabling us to deal with any difficulty, whatever situation we are facing, without losing hope.", "On 6 July, my birthday, there'll be a special online screening of a new film about physicist David Bohm, who I think of as one of my \u2018science gurus\u2019. See:  #InfinitePotentialFilm #DavidBohm #QuantumPotential ", "What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn\u2019t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can\u2019t do that, at least not harming them.", "Wherever I go, I always feel the people I meet are the same as human beings like me. Scientists have also observed that we human beings are social animals. We have a sense of community. Right from birth we have the same feelings of closeness to those around us.", "Fundamentally human beings are the same. Imagine being lost in some remote place and suddenly seeing someone coming towards you over the horizon. You wouldn't care about their race, nationality or religious faith, you'd be filled with the joy of encountering another human being.", "As a result of material development and modern education, people commonly seek happiness in external things, but neglect their minds. True, lasting happiness depends on our taming our unruly minds. This is not so much about intellectual development as cultivating a warm heart.", "Scientists declare that it's human nature to be compassionate. All living beings who experience feelings of pleasure and pain ultimately survive as a result of love and compassion. If we human beings help each other, serve each other, with compassion, we'll be happy.", "On World Environment Day \u2014 global responsibility and a proper inner environment within each of us will contribute to the conservation and protection of our common mother, the Earth, ensuring the survival of life as we know it, in all its diversity, beauty and sustainability.", "Material development is important, but it only provides physical comfort. Peace of mind contributes to good health. Families that are moved by kindness, whether rich or poor, are happy; whereas those that are rich, but lacking in kindness and affection are unhappy.", "People face difficulties in many parts of the world, but since all seven billion of us live on this one planet we should be united and stand in solidarity with each other. When this blue planet is viewed from space, there are no national boundaries to be seen.", "Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it\u2019s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.", "Watch Live: HHDL's two day teaching on Nagarjuna's \"Precious Garland\" from his residence in Dharamsala, India 8:00-9:30am Indian Standard Time on May 16-17, 2020. ", "My mother was undoubtedly one of the kindest people I have ever known. She was truly wonderful and was loved, I am certain, by all who knew her. She was very compassionate and felt concern for everyone, glad to give food to others even if it meant she went hungry herself.", "The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.", "A message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama requested by The Call to Unite. ", "Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.", "In our world today, we\u2019re heavily dependent upon each other. It\u2019s essential, therefore, that we cooperate with one another\u2014then we\u2019ll be able to solve many problems. Good relations, heart to heart, are important and necessary\u2014everything depends upon our having a good motivation.", "We can no longer exploit the resources of this earth\u2014the trees, the water, and other natural resources\u2014without any care for coming generations. Common sense tells us that unless we change, we won\u2019t survive. This Earth Day let\u2019s resolve to live in harmony with nature.", "Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can't change the past, but we can learn from it to shape the future. Stress on \u2018us\u2019 and \u2018them\u2019 is a source of conflict. We neglect basic human qualities of kindness and compassion. Let\u2019s work together to create a happier future.", "'Prayer Is Not Enough.' The Dalai Lama on Why We Need to Fight Coronavirus With Compassion published by Time Magazine on April 14, 2020. ", "There's an intimate connection between love and compassion, on the one hand, and genuine happiness, on the other. The indispensability of compassion touches us all, from the very first day of our lives, when we're wholly dependent on the love of our mother or some other caregiver", "Self-centredness creates a distance from others, leading to dishonesty, fear and anger. This is how disturbing emotions work. While fear, hatred and anger, are bad for our health, concern for others leads to self-confidence and inner strength, while helping to reduce anger.", "As a human being, I am committed to the promotion of what I call basic human values, by which I mean especially compassion. Nurturing the compassionate seed within us and acting out of this innate capacity are the keys to fulfilling our basic aspiration to happiness.", "A special message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama regarding the coronavirus pandemic. ", "In his new book, \"The Seed of Compassion\", His Holiness the Dalai Lama addresses children directly, sharing lessons of peace and compassion, told through stories of his own childhood. ", "A deep awareness of the goodness of human beings, that they are essentially kind, helpful, and gentle, can give us courage and hope. On a personal level too, such a vision of our basic nature can help promote a greater sense of well-being and connectedness with others.", "Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.", "Sometimes we feel we can\u2019t do much by ourselves, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can shape our communities and our communities form our nations. Together we can make a better world.", "It\u2019s not enough to pray for peace of mind, we have to examine what\u2019s disturbing us and eliminate it. In the same way, just wishing to be well won\u2019t cure physical illness; you have to adopt the preventive measures and take the prescribed medicine.", "I urge young women to accept leadership roles. We need you to promote love and compassion. Realise my dream\u2014that the 200 nations of the world be governed by women. There\u2019ll be less war, violence, and economic and social injustice because strength is rooted in love and compassion", "We all want to live a life free from turmoil, but we need to have a realistic method to achieve our goal. Warm-heartedness is essential\u2014it yields a calm mind and self-confidence, enabling us to act openly, honestly and transparently, free from anxiety, fear and suspicion.", "We have two kinds of emotion, those that are destructive, like anger and jealousy, which destroy our peace of mind and damage our health. But we also have other constructive emotions, like compassion, that bring us inner strength.", "Look at the world today\u2014violence is rife, weapons proliferate and countries eagerly pursue arms sales. This is a wrong approach. There are other ways to make money. The world needs non-violence and compassion, not in terms of prayers, but as spurs to a different course of action.", "The purpose of life is to be happy. This is what all human beings have in common\u2014the wish to lead a happy life. Many think that happiness is to be found outside us in material things, but actually it\u2019s something that comes from within, from warm-heartedness and concern for others", "What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense.", "When you have a more compassionate mind, everything appears to you in a more positive light. If we employ our human intelligence with warm-heartedness, it creates a happy atmosphere and fosters a happy community.", "Since resentment, anger, and animosity bring us no benefit, it is clearly in our own interest to underpin our attitude to all others with a kind of genuine unconditional and unbiased compassion. And doing so will certainly bring us benefits.", "Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of others\u2014always a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.", "Controlling our desire for more, learning to live within realistic limits, is not only in our own interest. It\u2019s also necessary if we are to overcome the challenges to life on Earth that our incessant quest for more generates\u2014since the material resources of this planet are finite", "Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.", "I don\u2019t like formality. There\u2019s no formality when we\u2019re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.", "Friendship depends on trust and trust depends on having a strong sense of concern for the welfare of others. Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination. Think of what the future can be, not what happened in the past.", "HHDL making his way around the Mahabodhi Temple (site of the Buddha's enlightenment) on the final day of his visit to Bodhgaya, Bihar, India on January 17, 2020. (Photo by Tenizn Choejor) ", "Compassion enhances our self-confidence because a calm mind allows our marvellous human intelligence to bloom. When we\u2019re angry, our thinking is distorted and we don\u2019t see the different aspects of reality. A calm mind enables us to take a broader, more realistic view.", "As human beings, all 7 billion of us are born the same way and die the same way. Physically, mentally and emotionally we are the same. We all want to live a happy life and avoid problems, but in a materialistic culture we overlook the importance of love and affection.", "Students from Maitreya School chanting the \"Heart Sutra\" in Sanskrit at the start of HHDL's teaching at the Kalachakra Teaching Ground in Bodhgaya, Bihar, India on January 2, 2020. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor) ", "Time\u2019s always moving on. Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time well or not. We can't do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now. We can create a happier future by remembering that in being human we are all the same.", "Developing compassion you feel much happier within\u2014more calm, more peaceful\u2014and other people respond to that. Through anger, real peace, friendship, and trust are impossible, but through love we can develop understanding, unity, friendship, and harmony \u2014 this is valuable.", "Inter-religious harmony is essential, because each of our religious traditions gives its followers a sense of how to lead a meaningful life. The important thing is to make religion relevant to our daily life rather than simply maintaining old traditions.", "I believe that if we make an effort to develop peace of mind within ourselves and cultivate a proper appreciation of the oneness of humanity, we can create a happier, more peaceful world. What we need is common sense\u2014the positive use of intelligence\u2014and warm-heartedness.", "I believe all 7 billion human beings alive today are part of one human family. We are born and die in the same way. And what is most precious in our relations with others is warm-heartedness. It yields the peace of mind and inner strength that are fundamental to a happy community", "I try to share with other people that the ultimate source of happiness is within us; it\u2019s not found in money and fame. I promote fundamental human values on the basis of scientific findings and common sense. Evidence that basic human nature is compassionate is a source of hope.", "Taking care of our planet, is a matter of looking after our own home. We can no longer exploit the earth\u2019s resources\u2014the trees, water, air and minerals\u2014with no care for the coming generations. I support young people\u2019s protests at governments\u2019 inaction over the climate crisis.", "A source of trouble is that our minds are unruly. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy. It\u2019s important to be warm-hearted rather than selfish. We\u2019ll be less sick, live longer and have more friends here and now.", "Developing concern for others, thinking of them as part of \u2018us\u2019, brings self-confidence, reduces our sense of suspicion and mistrust, and enables us to develop a calm mind. This is important, because a calm mind can help us better cope with physical discomfort and other problems.", "There is an urgent need for India\u2019s traditions of non-violence and compassion in today\u2019s world, which is still riven\u00a0 by fighting and killing, sometimes even in the name of religion. We have the potential from birth to develop inner values like compassion that yield peace of mind", "Time is always moving on, Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time properly or not. We can\u2019t do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now.", "Being too self-centred can give rise to anxiety and depression. An effective antidote is to cultivate a sense of altruism, taking the whole of humanity into account. Appreciating the oneness of humanity leads us to recognise our essential equality as human beings.", "When individuals are too self-centred, they tend to be prone to fear, suspicion, anxiety and anger. Compassion and restraining from harming others, act as an antidote to this. Scientists say that it is basic human nature to be compassionate, because we are social animals.", "Joy and happiness are mental events and, according to our day to day experience, mental satisfaction is superior to physical pleasure. We need material development, but it\u2019s a mistake to depend on material things alone to find happiness. We also need to be warm-hearted.", "HHDL eating prasad\u2014blessed food\u2014that is offered to pilgrims as they leave the Golden Temple at the centre of the Harmandir Sahib, the Sikhs\u2019 holiest temple, in Amritsar, Punjab on November 9, 2019. Photo by Tenzin Choejor ", "Anger, suspicion and jealousy disturb our minds. The antidote to these emotions is to cultivate patience and tolerance. Who provides us the opportunity to develop it? The one we call our enemy. Therefore, we can see him or her as a teacher.", "Tackling destructive emotions and practicing loving-kindness is how we should live in the here and now. I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.", "Our modern education systems don't reveal much understanding of how to transform our emotions. To do so, we have to use our intelligence. We need to conduct ourselves with non-violence and on the basis of compassion, cultivate respect for others.", "For me the best introduction is the human face. When I see two eyes, one mouth, one nose, I know I\u2019m dealing with another human being like me. I\u2019m like those young children who don\u2019t care about their companions\u2019 background so long as they smile and are willing to play.", "Optimism does not mean being blind to the actual reality of a situation. It means maintaining a positive spirit to continue to seek a solution to any given problem. And it means recognizing that any given situation has many different aspects\u2014positive as well as problematic.", "In today\u2019s world, despite ample material development, too many lack inner peace. One way to counter anger, jealousy and competitiveness is to cultivate non-violence and compassion towards others.", "A fundamentally positive approach is to take account of the oneness of humanity. Dividing the world into 'us' and 'them' might have worked in the past, but it doesn't any more. We have to talk through our problems with our opponents, thinking of them as our fellow human beings.", "Every morning when I wake up, I dedicate myself to helping others to find peace of mind. Then, when I meet people, I think of them as long term friends; I don't regard others as strangers.", "As human beings we are all the same. We have this marvellous intelligence, which sometimes creates problems for us, but when influenced by warm-heartedness it can be really creative and helpful. This is the context in which having moral principles is of such great value.", "What\u2019s truly of value in life? what gives our lives meaning? We weren't born to cause trouble or harm. To be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities---warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life will become happier and more meaningful.", "Mahatma Gandhi's vision of a clean and tidy India has become the vision of millions of Indians who\u2019ve joined #JanAndolan and helped #SwachhBharatMission to unprecedented success. This is not the end but the start of a new journey toward a #plasticfree India &amp; a plastic free world", "If you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion and respect, then you can do any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively with less fear or worry, not being afraid of what others think or whether you will ultimately reach your goal.", "HHDL taking part in a Guru Puja (Feet Cleansing Ceremony) on his arrival at Sri Udasin Karshni Ashram in Mathura, UP, India on September 22, 2019. Photo by Tenzin Choejor ", "It\u2019s our responsibility to work with vision, determination and wisdom to create a happier, more peaceful world. We need to take action, while respecting others and their needs, considering all 7 billion human beings alive today as belonging to one human family. #PeaceDayChallenge", "It\u2019s quite right that students and today's younger generation should have serious concerns about the climate crisis and its effect on the environment. They are being very realistic about the future. They see we need to listen to scientists. We should encourage them.", "Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But still we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time.", "Religion is about cultivating a more peaceful mind, so it\u2019s disappointing if it becomes a source of conflict. Our traditions share a common message of love and compassion, patience and tolerance. If we also remember the advice about forgiveness, there\u2019ll be no basis for conflict.", "Fear and anxiety easily give way to anger and violence. The opposite of fear is trust, which, related to warm-heartedness, boosts our self-confidence. Compassion also reduces fear, reflecting as it does a concern for others\u2019 well-being. This is what really attracts friends.", "As a human being I am committed to trying to share with others that we are social creatures, because of which, whether we are religious believers or not, we need a sense of concern for others\u2019 well-being.", "I belong to the 20th century generation, while many of you belong to the 21st century. What\u2019s past is past, we can\u2019t change it, but we can learn from it. What is clear is that the future of humanity is in our hands.", "Ours is a globalized world. Climate change affects us all; no one can hide from it. The global economy means we need to think of other people as members of one global family. This is why we need humane values based on common sense and common experience in our education systems.", "When you have peace of mind, it's easier to cope with problems. Real change will come about not as a result of prayer, but of using intelligence and taking action.", "Science and technology has brought much development, and yet we still face many man-made problems. We are social animals. We depend on the community in which we live. Therefore, we need a sense of global responsibility, because the well-being of humanity is our own well-being.", "Reports of suffering are upsetting, but it's a mistake to think we can do nothing about it. Many problems we face are of our own making. Since we are social animals who need friends, the least we can do is smile and respond to others warm-heartedly\u2014that will make a difference.", "The more people learn to tackle their afflictive emotions, the more individuals will achieve peace of mind, and the more individuals achieve inner peace, the greater are the prospects for peace in the world.", "Seeing how negative emotions lead to negative consequences can help us overcome them. Just as we can learn how helpful love and compassion can be, we can come to understand that anger, pride, jealousy and arrogance can be detrimental. We need to use reason and human intelligence.", "Mentally and emotionally we humans are all the same. We can all feel anger and hatred, but also have the potential to cultivate compassion, forgiveness and tolerance. Since these constructive emotions are supported by reason, we can use our brains to develop and strengthen them.", "One of the lessons we need to learn is how to cultivate those positive emotions that counter destructive emotions like anger and fear. Compassion, for example, brings self-confidence and the ability to act transparently. It strengthens trust which is the ground for friendship.", "Healthy Competition - HHDL talks about how competition can be positive in answering a student's question during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 31, 2019. ", "Young children don\u2019t care about differences of nationality, faith or race. So long as their companions smile, they play together happily. It seems it\u2019s only as we grow up, in the course of education, that focussing on secondary differences between people creates trouble.", "It\u2019s useful to reflect not only on how anger, fear and suspicion destroy our peace of mind, but also on how peace of mind gives us the confidence to act honestly and truthfully. We are social animals and we need friends. We make friends on the basis of trust.", "My dedication is to serve the 7 billion human beings on this planet and the other creatures with whom we share it. If you can, help and serve others, but if you can\u2019t at least don\u2019t harm them; then in the end you will feel no regret.", "How We Create Problems for Ourselves - HHDL talks about how human beings create problems for themselves during his meeting with medical students from Tulane University in the USA at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 17, 2019. ", "Reacting to Harm with Compassion - HHDL answers a young woman's question on how to be compassionate to those who do harm during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on July 12, 2019.", "When you find that all human beings are just like you, it fosters a spirit of friendship. You\u2019ll find there's less need to hide things, and as a result, feelings of fear, self-doubt, and insecurity are automatically dispelled. What\u2019s more you\u2019ll earn the trust of other people.", "HHDL sends his thanks for all the greetings he received on his birthday.  ", "Education needs to be combined with a sincere, compassionate motivation. When intelligence and warm-heartedness are combined, individuals will be happier and more at peace with themselves, their families will benefit and as a result the wider community will benefit too.", "The Best Birthday Gift - HHDL's message on his 84th birthday from his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 6, 2019. ", "Compassion is concern for others\u2014sincere concern for others\u2019 well-being founded on awareness of our own experience. Since it makes us happy when others show us affection and offer us help, if we show others affection and readiness to help they too will feel joy.", "Clarification and Context of Remarks Made by His Holiness the Dalai Lama in a Recent BBC Interview  ", "An effective means of teaching someone how to be more warm and compassionate is to use reasoning about the value and benefits of compassion, having them reflect on how they feel when someone is kind to them. This can prepare them to be warmer and more compassionate to others.", "Let\u2019s reflect on what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. We need to be positive. We weren't born to cause trouble or to do harm to others. For life to be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities\u2014warmth, kindness, compassion.", "Genuine friendship is not based on money and power, but on trust, which in turn develops as a result of showing concern for other people\u2019s well-being. In other words, friendship is founded on warm-heartedness.", "Ideas may travel from the top down, but the movements that put them into effect have to work from the bottom up. I am encouraged to see young people trying to bring about positive change. Confident because their efforts are based on truth and reason\u2014therefore they will succeed.", "If you set out to cheat and deceive others you\u2019ll be tense and anxious in case you\u2019re found out. But if you live your life and conduct your business on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence that is also a source of inner strength", "Advice for Children - HHDL explains the importance of warm-heartedness and intelligence in answer to a question from a young girl at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on June 10, 2019. ", "Of the 7 billion human beings alive today, no one wants to suffer; no one chooses to have problems. Yet, many of the problems we face are our own creation. Why? Because of ignorance. But ignorance is not permanent and whether we overcome it depends on whether we make the effort.", "Compassion and concern for others are the key to human survival. People with no interest in religion sometimes disregard qualities like patience and compassion, which they associate with religious practice. In fact, they are relevant to anyone who wishes to live a happy life.", "Hope for Humanity - HHDL talks about how to counteract negative emotions by cultivating compassion in this short clip from a talk to Emory University students at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on May 31, 2019. ", "How we view human nature can mean the difference between living in a world filled with people who are perceived as hostile, violent and dangerous, or as essentially kind, helpful and gentle. A deep awareness of the essential goodness of human beings can give us courage and hope.", "Our life depends on others so much that at the root of our existence is a fundamental need for love. That is why it is good to cultivate an authentic sense of responsibility and concern for the welfare of others.", "In our education system, we need to include lessons, like those concerning physical hygiene, that focus on mental and emotional hygiene, that teach how to develop a healthy mind. This is the core of what I call secular ethics.", "If you restrain from wrong-doing, people will see you as a friend and you\u2019ll be happy. When people are powerful and wealthy, but dishonest, people don\u2019t like them, even if they don\u2019t show it to their faces. If you do good, you\u2019ll have friends and when you\u2019re gone you\u2019ll be missed", "Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.", "We need patience to protect our peace of mind, our compassionate mind. Patience is part of our defense, as is forgiveness. Enemies and troublemakers are helpful in that they give us the opportunity to exercise patience and forgiveness.", "Mental transformation takes time, but it becomes easier with familiarity. Don\u2019t entertain unrealistic expectations; it doesn\u2019t take place quickly. It requires patience and determination over months and years, but if you keep it up, at the end of your life you\u2019ll be content.", "Our intelligence helps us regulate our emotions. Fear, for example, is based on mistrust and a lack of self-confidence. If, on the other hand, we remain honest and truthful, open and tolerant, we will have greater self-confidence and overcome fear.", "I am a bit skeptical about what we call blessings. I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore, the real source of blessings is in our own mind.", "The young people of this 21st century represent our planet now. They have the ability to bring about change. Even as climate change increases in intensity, they can work together in the spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood to find and share solutions. They are our real hope.", "Because anger and hostility destroy our peace of mind, it is they that are our real enemy. Anger ruins our health; a compassionate attitude restores it. If it were basic human nature to be angry, there\u2019d be no hope, but since it is our nature to be compassionate, there is.", "Time\u2019s always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can\u2019t change the past, but we can still learn from it. And we can shape the future, creating a more peaceful era, by adopting a realistic approach, recognising that the more compassionate you are, the more you\u2019ll find inner peace.", "HHDL speaks to members of the Tibetan press on his release from the hospital in New Delhi, India on April 12, 2019. (Video courtesy VOA Tibetan Service) ", "Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can\u2019t change the past, but we can shape the future. The more compassionate you are, the more you will find inner peace.", "From kindergarten onwards we need education to strengthen inner values not just pursue material goals. We need to introduce emotional hygiene, much as we teach physical hygiene. This way we can address the problems we face, in the hope of making this a century of non-violence.", "We have to learn how to use our time properly. It's important to make our lives meaningful. Bullying and cheating others may give a short-term return, but leaves a nagging sense of unease. Money doesn't yield real satisfaction, whereas compassion does.", "Any idea that concern for others, though a noble quality, is a matter for our private lives only, is simply short sighted. Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.", "The ultimate source of a happy life is warmheartedness. Even animals display some sense of compassion. When it comes to human beings, compassion can be combined with intelligence. Through the application of reason, compassion can be extended to all 7 billion human beings.", "Cooperation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kindheartedness. Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there\u2019s no room for cheating, bullying, or exploitation; instead, you can be honest, truthful and transparent in your conduct", "In working for the good of humanity I don't think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world, because we all survive in dependence on others.", "We may sometimes feel that we can\u2019t do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can influence our communities and our communities can influence our nations.", "Peace is not just the mere absence of violence or disturbance. It's when there is a possibility of conflict, but you deliberately avoid violence and adopt methods to solve the problem through peaceful means. That is real peace.", "Women have been shown to be more sensitive to others' suffering, whereas, warriors celebrated for killing their opponents are almost always men. We need to see more women in leadership roles and more closely involved in education about compassion. #InternationalWomensDay", "When we\u2019re under the sway of anger or attachment, we\u2019re limited in our ability to take a full and realistic view of the situation. When the mind is compassionate, it is calm and we\u2019re able to use our sense of reason practically, realistically, and with determination.", "The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.", "HHDL on \"Why Leaders Should Be Mindful, Selfless, and Compassionate\" published in the Harvard Business Review on February 20th. ", "We won\u2019t bring about peace in the world merely by praying for it; we have to take steps to tackle the violence and corruption that disrupt peace. We can\u2019t expect change if we don\u2019t take action.", "The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often quite well-educated, so it is not just education that we need. What we need is to pay attention to inner values.", "I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment.", "A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.", "How to Train Our Mind - HHDL explains how to train our mind to tackle destructive emotions in this short video clip from his meeting with a group from India at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on February 11, 2019. ", "The first drawback of anger is that it destroys our inner peace; the second is that it distorts our view of reality. If we think about this and come to understand that anger is really unhelpful, that it is only destructive, we can begin to distance ourselves from anger.", "Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others' well-being. On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so.", "It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.", "All the positive states of mind such as love, compassion, insight and so on, have the quality that you can enhance their capacity and increase their potential to a limitless degree, if you regularly practice them through training and by developing constant familiarity with them.", "We should practise by showing affection and helping one another. It is a mistake to pursue happiness and to seek to the avoid suffering by deceiving and humiliating other people. We must try to achieve happiness and eliminate suffering by being considerate and good-hearted.", "Our visit to this planet is short, so we should use our time meaningfully, which we can do by helping others wherever possible. And if we cannot help others, at least we should try not to create pain and suffering for them.", "True compassion isn\u2019t just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason. Therefore, our compassion for others doesn\u2019t change even if they behave negatively. Our sense of responsibility for others gives rise to a wish to help them actively overcome their problems.", "Modern education is premised strongly on materialistic values. It is vital that when educating our children\u2019s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts, a key element of which has to be the nurturing of our compassionate nature.", "Compassion is something really worthwhile. It is not just a religious or spiritual subject, not a matter of ideology. It is not a luxury, it is a necessity.", "A source of trouble is our unruly minds. We can counter that by developing a warm heart. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy.", "If love is defined as a wish that others be happy and compassion as the wish that they be free from suffering, and you cultivate love and compassion within yourself, it will ensure happiness, good health and peace of mind.", "All things originate in the mind. Actions and events depend heavily on motivation. Appreciation of humanity, compassion and love are key points. If we develop a good heart, whether our field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is so crucial, they\u2019ll all improve.", "When you care for others, you manifest an inner strength despite any difficulties you face. Your own problems will seem less significant and bothersome to you. Reaching beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain confidence, courage and a greater sense of calm.", "Negative thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. In fact, when we think properly, it is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.", "It\u2019s good to remember that other human beings are like us. We are born the same way; we die the same way. While we\u2019re alive it\u2019s better to be able to trust each other as friends. We earn other people\u2019s trust when we show a genuine concern for their well-being.", "Love, kindness, compassion and tolerance are qualities common to all the great religions, and whether or not we follow any particular religious tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone.", "For some people the idea of compassion entails a complete disregard for or even a sacrifice of their own interests. This is not the case. In fact, we first of all have to have a wish to be happy ourselves \u2013 if we don\u2019t love ourselves like that, how can we love others?", "\"Climate change is not the concern of just one or two nations. It is an issue that affects the whole of humanity and every living being on this earth.\" (From HHDL's Message to Delegates to the COP24 UN Climate Conference ", "Everybody appreciates kindness, but unfortunately our modern education system, with its materialistic goals, doesn\u2019t have much room for inner values. We need to make people more aware of such inner values on the basis of scientific findings, common sense and common experience.", "We need friends and friendship is based on trust. To earn trust, money and power aren\u2019t enough; you have to show some concern for others. You can\u2019t buy trust in the supermarket.", "Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.", "Human beings are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection\u2014anger drives us apart. Just as we employ physical hygiene to protect our health, we need emotional hygiene, the means to tackle our destructive emotions, if we are to achieve peace of mind.", "We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect. We do have differences of race, nationality, religious faith and so on, but these differences are secondary in comparison to our equality in being human.", "The quality of what we do depends on our motivation, which is why we have to learn how to cultivate a compassionate mind.", "Anger can be reduced if we work to cultivate love and affection. However, we first have to come to terms with whatever benefits or disadvantages anger may bring. Primarily, anger destroys our peace of mind; loving-kindness earns us friends and eliminates the risk of being alone.", "Be honest, truthful, and altruistic. If you concern yourself with taking care of others, there\u2019ll be no room for lies, bullying and cheating. If you\u2019re truthful you can live transparently, which will enable you to establish trust, the basis for making friends.", "We need to be determined to achieve positive change, and also be able to take a long view of what needs to be done. What is important is not to become demoralized. Optimism leads to success; pessimism leads to defeat. One person can be the source of inspiration for many others.", "Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but what needs to be acknowledged is that that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.", "I don\u2019t think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world. Remember, we all survive in dependence on others.", "Because motivation pervades all action, it is important that we have a positive motivation. Whatever we are involved in, whether it's politics, education, medicine, law, engineering, science, business or industry, the nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.", "As social animals we need friends, but we make friends on the basis of trust, which comes about as a result of affection and concern for others. You can\u2019t buy trust or acquire it by use of force. Its source is warm-heartedness.", "A Healthy Mind for a Healthy Body - HHDL speaks about the importance of peace of mind at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on October 17, 2018. ", "The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual, and from there it can expand to one's family, to one's neighborhood, to one's community and so on.", "Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations. Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture.", "Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind. Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions.", "In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. Despite all the characteristics that differentiate us - race, language, religion, gender, wealth and many others - we are all equal in terms of our basic humanity.", "We seek happiness in external things without realizing that they don\u2019t help when we have problems within. We need to focus instead on the joy that comes with peace of mind that allows us to remain happy whatever happens.", "For many people, the only tangible value is money. And of course money has its place, but the value of cultivating a compassionate attitude is much more effective. When we only pay attention to material values, there\u2019s little room for concern for others, or for mutual regard.", "Leaving aside the perspective of spiritual practice, even in worldly terms, in terms of our enjoying a happy day-to-day existence, the calmer our minds are, the greater our peace of mind will be and the greater will be our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.", "Problems will always arise, but we need to address them differently. We need to engage in dialogue to resolve them rather than resorting to the use of force. #PeaceDayChallenge", "We are intelligent, we have seed of compassion from birth. Using reason and intelligence we can enhance our sense of compassion and come to understand how its opposite, anger, is harmful.", "HHDL looking at Tilly Lockey's prosthetic hands during the discussion on \u2018Robotics and Telepresence\u2019 at De Nieuwe Kerk in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 15, 2018. (Photo by Olivier Adam) ", "In the present circumstances, no one can afford to assume that someone else will solve their problems. Each one of us has a responsibility to help guide our global family in the right direction. Good wishes are not sufficient; we must become actively engaged.", "A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.", "In our modern society everything seems geared to material development, even our systems of education. As a result we no longer pay sufficient attention to our inner values, which leads to mental unrest. In order to address this imbalance we need to pay more attention to our minds", "If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us. Therefore it\u2019s important to promote the idea of the oneness of humanity, that in being human we are all the same.", "The first of my personal commitments is to work to increase human happiness by encouraging the cultivation of inner values and a sense of concern for others\u2019 well being. These are the key factors whether one is a religious person or not.", "Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.", "As a human being I\u2019m aware that we are all physically, mentally and emotionally the same and we all want to live a happy life. Scientists say our basic nature is compassionate. It\u2019s clear that love and affection bring people together.", "Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it\u2019s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.", "I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We weren\u2019t born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit.", "We can achieve peace of mind if we tackle our destructive emotions, so the goal of making the 21st century an era of peace and compassion is feasible. It will involve finding solutions to problems in dialogue, not the use of force.", "We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory.", "Human beings are social animals and it is love that brings us together, while anger drives us apart. To live more peacefully and joyfully in our day to day lives, we need a warm heart.", "Making others happy is not a question of sacrificing our own happiness. Trying to make others happy, even when we do not always succeed, is a source of great satisfaction. Anger and hatred are signs of weakness, while compassion is a sure sign of strength.", "Many of the problems we face today are our own creation. Creating a more peaceful world requires a peaceful mind and a peaceful heart. As human brothers and sisters we must live together in tolerance and affection.", "As human beings we need to assess whether anger has any value - it destroys our peace of mind. Compassion, on the other hand, brings optimism and hope.", "The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.", "When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of anxiety or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced. We experience a liberation from our habitual preoccupation with self and paradoxically, this gives rise to strong feelings of confidence.", "Inner transformation is not a matter of faith or prayer. It involves reason and the use of human intelligence. A calm and healthy mind has a very positive effect on our physical health and well-being.", "Ethics are not a collection of commandments and prohibitions to abide by, but a natural inner offering that can bring happiness and satisfaction to ourselves and others.", "Virtually all of us have benefited from our mother\u2019s affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection.", "HHDL cuts the cake during celebrations of his 83rd birthday at Shiwatsel Teaching Ground in Leh, Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 6, 2018. Photo by Tenzin Choejor ", "HHDL speaks on how to achieve long lasting happiness in this short clip from his talk at the launch of the Happiness Curriculum in Delhi Government Schools in New Delhi, India on July 2, 2018. ", "While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters this\u2014and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions.", "Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life.", "I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We weren\u2019t born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit.", "If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively.", "Prayer by itself is not sufficient to bring about peace of mind. What is much more effective is coming to understand the workings of the mind and learning how to tackle the mental afflictions that disturb it.", "I always consider that the shape of the future is in our hands. The past is past and can\u2019t be changed, but the future has not yet arrived. Young people have the opportunity and responsibility to shape it by creating a better world.", "We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory.", "In today\u2019s interconnected and globalized world, it\u2019s now commonplace for people of different world views, faiths and races to live side by side. It\u2019s a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect", "The world belongs to its 7 billion inhabitants. In the past, communities could flourish in isolation, but now we can\u2019t. This World Environment Day let\u2019s remember that we depend on each other and that to meet the challenge of climate change, we have to work together.", "Some people consider the practice of love and compassion is only related to religious practice and if they are not interested in religion they neglect these inner values. But love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.", "Because of our intelligence we human beings are uniquely capable not only of creating problems, but of doing so on a large scale. Therefore, it is important that we use our intelligence in constructive ways. That\u2019s what warm-heartedness and concern for others lead us to do.", "Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren\u2019t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.", "I\u2019m Tibetan, I\u2019m Buddhist and I\u2019m the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people.", "People inflict pain on others in their selfish pursuit of happiness and satisfaction. Yet true happiness comes from a sense of brotherhood and sisterhood. We need to cultivate a sense of universal responsibility for one another and the planet we share.", "Compassion is of little value if it just remains an idea. It must motivate how we respond to others and be reflected in all our thoughts and actions.", "We are, you might say, \"brainwashed\" into thinking that money is the source of happiness while what we really need to know is that inner peace is something that comes from within.", "Announcing the release of the official Dalai Lama app for Android now available for download at  Get official news, videos, and photos of HHDL, including live video streams when they are available. Also available for iPhone at  ", "I often ask myself what is the purpose of our lives and I conclude that life's purpose is to be happy. We have no guarantee what will happen in the future, but we live in hope. That's what keeps us going.", "Scientists warn that constant fear and anger are bad for our health, while being compassionate and warm-hearted contributes to our physical and mental well-being. Therefore, just as we observe physical hygiene to stay well, we need to cultivate a kind of emotional hygiene too.", "Former Captain of the Indian National Cricket Team Sachin Tendulkar and HHDL enjoy meeting each other at the latter\u2019s residence in Dharamsala, India on May 3, 2018. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor) ", "There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.", "There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm. On the surface we may get upset, but it makes a difference if we are able to stay calm in the depths of our minds.", "HHDL's advice to graduating students during the Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Convocation ceremony in New Delhi, India on April 23, 2018. ", "Humanity's thirst for natural resources can only be sustained if we adapt our patterns of consumption. Competition for necessities like water, food and land will inevitably intensify. To meet the challenge of climate change and environmental depletion we must all cooperate.", "Not only is it the case that happy people are more willing to help others, but as I generally point out, helping others is the best way to help yourself, the best way to promote your own happiness. It is you, yourself, who will receive the benefit.", "Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength. By reducing distrust, it opens us to others and brings us a sense of connections with them and a sense of purpose and meaning in life.", "I feel that it\u2019s crucial to have a clear recognition of the value of your objective. That's the important thing. Recognizing that your objective is worthy, because it involves others' welfare or the general well-being of the community, gives you the determination to pursue it.", "HHDL speaks to students on \"Death as a Part of Life\", how living a meaningful life leads to no regrets at the time of death, during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on April 2, 2018. ", "In the modern world, where the pursuit of money is considered more important than the cultivation of inner values a fresh approach is required to incorporate secular ethics or universal values into the system of education.", "Our real enemies and the enemies of humanity are negative emotions like anger and hatred. Indeed, people who are dominated by powerful negative emotions should be objects of our compassion.", "Change in the world comes from individuals, from the inner peace in individual hearts. Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.", "In our day to day life warm-heartedness is the key factor for happiness.", "World peace can only be based on inner peace. If we ask what destroys our inner peace, it's not weapons and external threats, but our own inner flaws like anger. This is one of the reasons why love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope", "The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. Despite all of the things that differentiate us \u2013 race, language, religion, gender, wealth and so on \u2013 we are all equal concerning our fundamental humanity.", "When each of us learns to appreciate the critical importance of ethics and makes inner values like compassion and patience an integral part of our basic outlook on life, the effects will be far-reaching.", "In today\u2019s materialistic world there is a risk of people becoming slaves to money, as though they were simply cogs in a huge money-making machine. This does nothing for human dignity, freedom, and genuine well-being. Wealth should serve humanity, and not the other way around.", "Watch \"Compassion and the Role of Women\" - HHDL's remarks to a group of women about their role in promoting human values during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on March 9, 2018. ", "Watch Live: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue \u201cReimagining Human Flourishing\u201d from Dharamsala, India on March 12-16. HHDL will engage in conversation with 17 scholars on the integration of compassion and ethics in education.  (Photo of Mind &amp; Life XXX by Tenzin Choejor) ", "Peace has a great deal to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others, avoiding doing them harm and regarding their lives as being as precious as our own. If, on that basis, we can also be of help to others, so much the better.", "Insofar as the destructive effects of anger and hateful thoughts are concerned, one cannot get protection from wealth nor education. The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.", "Because of the great differences in our ways of thinking, it is inevitable that we have different religions and faiths. Each has its own beauty. And it is much better that we live together on the basis of mutual respect and mutual admiration.", "Practicing compassion, caring for others and sharing their problems, lays the foundation for a meaningful life, not only at the level of the individual, family or community, but also for humanity as a whole.", "The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.", "Genuine friends, are attracted by a warm heart, not money, not power. A genuine friend considers you as just another human being, as a brother or sister, and shows affection on that level, regardless of whether you are rich or poor, or in a high position; that is a genuine friend", "Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being. Therefore, just as we learn the importance of physical hygiene to physical health, to ensure healthy minds, we need to learn some kind of emotional hygiene.", "Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am skeptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action.", "I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore the real source of blessings is in our own mind.", "The basic foundation of humanity is compassion and love. This is why, if even a few individuals simply try to create mental peace and happiness within themselves and act responsibly and kind-heartedly towards others, they will have a positive influence in their community.", "Many people think that patience is a sign of weakness. I think this is a mistake. It is anger that is a sign of weakness, whereas patience is a sign of strength.", "Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.", "What\u2019s past is past, nothing can change that. But the future can be different if we choose to make it so. We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about. This is no time for complacency, hope lies in the action we take.", "Destructive thoughts and emotions undermine the very causes of peace and happiness. If you think clearly about it, it makes no sense to think you\u2019re seeking happiness, if you do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.", "Modern education pays little attention to inner values and yet our basic human nature is compassionate. We need to incorporate compassion and warm-heartedness into the modern education system to make it more holistic.", "I really feel that some people neglect and overlook compassion because they associate it with religion. Of course, everyone is free to choose whether they pay religion any regard, but to neglect compassion is a mistake because it is the source of our own well-being.", "First in a series conceived by HHDL, \u201dScience and Philosophy in the Indian Buddhist Classics, Vol. 1: The Physical World\", that brings together classical Buddhist explorations of the nature of our material world and the human mind and puts them into context for the modern reader. ", "Whether science or religion is constructive or destructive depends on our motivation and whether we are guided by a real concern for the well-being of others and an appreciation of the oneness of humanity.", "HHDL\u2019's advice for the New Year delivered during his address at the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies' 50th Anniversary in Sarnath, Varanasi, India on January 1, 2018. His Holiness speaks in Tibetan followed by an English translation. ", "I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.", "Karma means action and action motivated by compassion is good. To complain that what happens to you is just the result of your karma is lazy. Instead, confidently recalling the advice that, \"You are your own master,\" you can change what happens by taking action.", "Within each of us exists the potential to contribute positively to society. Although one individual among so many on this planet may seem too insignificant, it is our personal efforts that will determine the direction our society is heading.", "We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. Keeping in mind that it is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends, compassion is the key to ensuring our own well-being.", "I consider non-violence to be compassion in action. It doesn\u2019t mean weakness, cowering in fear, or simply doing nothing. It is to act without violence, motivated by compassion, recognizing the rights of others.", "The Office of His Holiniess the Dalai Lama has released \u2018Dalai Lama\u2019, a new iPhone App now available for download at the Apple App Store  With Dalai Lama stay up to date with what His Holiness is doing, his travels, and his teachings. ", "Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality. It\u2019s about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves \u2018Why do I feel angry?\u2019 and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warm-heartedness.", "Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of others\u2014always a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.", "Peace is not brought about through conflict, but through compassion\u2014creating peace of mind within ourselves. We all need compassion and women can take a lead role in encouraging others to let it flower within them. My own first teacher of kindness and compassion was my mother.", "HHDL's Opinion for the New York Times - \"Our Future is Very Much in Our Hands\" ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama meeting with former US President Barack Obama in New Delhi, India on December 1, 2017. (Photo by Tenzin Taklha) ", "Some people mistakenly conclude that cultivating compassion is all about others\u2019 benefit, whereas the first benefit is to us. Compassion brings us peace of mind. It attracts friends. Friends are based on trust and trust develops when we show concern for others.", "What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn\u2019t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can\u2019t do that, at least not harming them.", "We can change our minds. We don\u2019t have to give in to anger and hatred. Since compassion and anger cannot co-exist, the more we cultivate compassion the more our anger will be reduced.", "I don\u2019t like formality. There\u2019s no formality when we\u2019re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.", "Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.", "The use of force may control people physically, but it won\u2019t change their hearts and minds. You can only do that on the basis of trust and friendship.", "Change in the world always begins with an individual who shares what he or she has learned and passes it on to others.", "The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart.", "We all want to live a happy life, which is our right, and the key to doing so is developing compassion for others.", "We need to improve the current education system by introducing instructions on ways to cultivate positive emotions like warm-heartedness.", "Compassion brings inner peace and whatever else is going on, that peace of mind allows us to see the whole picture more clearly.", "Compassion is the essence of a spiritual life\u2014to be successful in practicing love and compassion, patience and tolerance are indispensable.", "New from HHDL &amp; Archbishop Desmond Tutu, the Book of Joy Journal with inspiring quotes to help find joy in our lives ", "I\u2019m convinced that today\u2019s young people can achieve a more peaceful world if they cultivate warm-heartedness and inner peace.", "The more compassionate our mind, the more we\u2019ll be able to lead our lives transparently, honestly, truthfully, with nothing to hide.", "People go to great lengths to look physically attractive, but inner beauty is a more important and stronger basis for lasting relationships.", "As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust. And trust grows when we show real concern for others\u2019 well-being.", "Peace doesn\u2019t come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge", "Whatever our religious faith, showing others loving kindness is the best way to bring about inner peace.", "What we need today are universal values based not on faith but on scientific findings, common experience and common sense.", "I\u2019m just one human being, but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity.", "Religious people pray for peace, but prayer alone is not enough, what will bring peace in the world is people cultivating peace of mind.", "As a human brother I'm committed to letting people know that we all possess the seeds of love and compassion.", "Using harsh words reflects narrow-mindedness\u2014to be happy and joyful we need friends. Friendship is based on trust and treating others kindly", "Just as we protect our health by observing physical hygiene, by tackling our destructive emotions with skill we\u2019ll achieve emotional hygiene", "You may control people physically by force, but you won\u2019t change their hearts and minds\u2014that requires trust and friendship.", "By learning to be more warm-hearted we can create a more compassionate world.", "Watch HHDL's message to the Mind &amp; Life meeting on Spirituality, Science and Humanity held in Botswana on August 17. ", "When I heard scientists say they had evidence that basic human nature is compassionate, I thought, 'There\u2019s real hope.'", "Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind.", "Fear and suspicion won\u2019t help us live together. We have to cultivate warm-heartedness.", "If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us.", "We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect.", "If you have a warm heart and you care for others you'll be happy and the community in which you live will be happier too.", "Education today needs not only to develop our intelligence, but also to support basic human values of warm-heartedness and compassion.", "HHDL playfully posing with Muslim leaders from Turtuk who came to meet him in Disket, Nubra Valley, India on July 13th. Photo/Tenzin Choejor ", "There is no fortitude like patience, just as there is no destructive emotion worse than hatred. Therefore, practice patience and tolerance.", "Since loving kindness is the basis of a happy life, It\u2019s my number one commitment to promote awareness of the importance of warm-heartedness", "HHDL thanks everyone who sent kind greetings and joined in celebrations on the occasion of his 82nd birthday. ", "HHDL cutting his birthday cake during celebrations in honor of his 82nd birthday in Leh, Ladakh, India on July 6th. ", "We experience happiness on a sensory level that is relatively short-lived. But lasting happiness is related to our state of mind.", "Compassion brings us peace of mind. It brings a smile to our face and genuine smiles bring us closer together.", "On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy. They reduce fear.", "A more peaceful world and a more peaceful century require that we rely not on weapons but on developing a widespread inner peace.", "Live: HHDL's talk on \"Embracing the Beauty of Diversity in our World\" from UC San Diego on June 16th. ", "We are all social animals and compassion, care and concern for others bring us together.", "Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively.", "Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival.", "Peace in the world depends on our relating to each other with compassion.", "Although bringing about inner change is difficult, it is absolutely worthwhile to try. What is important is to try our best.", "Motivation is very important. We can show love, respect for others, and honesty in whatever we do to help humanity.", "If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering.", "The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child's fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love.", "HHDL recalls his mother's affection in this clip from his talk the University of Minnesota in 2011. ", "Money and power attract friends. But it\u2019s not you they\u2019re friends with \u2014 just your money and power. Only affection brings genuine friends.", "If in day to day life you lead a good life, honestly, with love, compassion, and less selfishness, then automatically you will find peace.", "The future can be different if we choose to make it so. There is no time for complacency, hope lies in what action we take.", "Anger may seem to be a source of energy, but it\u2019s blind. It causes us to lose our restraint. It may stir courage, but that too is blind.", "HHDL speaks of the hope for a future compassionate world if we make effort now from his talk in Delhi on April 27th. ", "It is in the nature of the mind that the more we cultivate and familiarize ourselves with positive emotions, the more powerful they become.", "This Earth Day we need a greater sense of global responsibility based on our belonging to one human family.", "While material development contributes to physical comfort, mental comfort depends on compassion, which expresses itself as nonviolence.", "It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion grow within us. We need a sustained effort to cultivate such positive qualities.", "The aim of spiritual practice is to transform and perfect our motivation and mental disposition, so we can become better human beings.", "Positive emotions like compassion and loving kindness engender in us a deep sense of peace and serenity, and benefits others as well.", "We can make this a more peaceful century if we cherish non-violence and concern for others\u2019 well-being.", "Some scientists have found evidence to show that basic human nature is compassionate. This is a really hopeful sign.", "All religions have the potential to create better human beings\u2014but no one religion can claim supremacy over the other.", "To really be of help to others we need to be guided by compassion.", "Caring for others is the best way to fulfil our own interests. We are social animals; we need to be warm-hearted and to take care of others.", "John Oliver speaks to the Dalai Lama aired on HBO, March 5th. ", "Love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope", "We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about.", "The purpose of education is to build a happier society, we need a more holistic approach that promotes the practice of love and compassion.", "It's not what work we choose to do, the crucial point is doing it with a positive and altruistic motivation.", "Be a kind and compassionate person. This is the inner beauty that is a key factor to making a better world.", "Inner peace helps sustain good health, gives rise to happy individuals, happy families, happy communities and ultimately a happy humanity.", "Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination.", "If our goal is a happier, more peaceful world in the future, only education will bring change.", "The ultimate source of happiness for self and others is compassion, concern for others and being of service to them.", "We know that everyone who is born has to die, but the important thing is that while we are alive we should make our lives meaningful.", "If there can be a greater sense of oneness in the world, then violence and killing will end.", "When we talk about happiness, we must think in terms of peace of mind, which is a real source of joy.", "Live webcast: HHDL\u2019s talk on \u201cThe Genuine Source of Happiness\u201d from Milan, Italy on October 22nd. ", "Watch HHDL join in Interfaith Prayers for World Peace from Grossm\u00fcnster Church in Zurich, Switzerland on October 15. ", "When you have a more compassionate mind and cultivate warmheartedness, the whole atmosphere around you becomes more positive and friendlier.", "The Book of Joy by HHDL and Archbishop Desmond Tutu: a conversation with the message that to experience joy, you must bring joy to others. ", "On this International Day of Peace, we must remember that peace cannot come from prayer alone. It requires action. #PeaceDayChallenge", "The quality of every human activity ultimately depends on our motivation.", "Live Webcasts: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue on \"Power and Care\" with HHDL from Brussels on September 9-11. ", "Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.", "Genuine compassion\u2014unbiased and not mixed with attachment\u2014is a source of genuine human happiness.", "Meaningful dialogue requires us to respect others' rights and interests\u2014compromise is the only way to resolve disputes.", "Friendship depends on trust\u2014not money, not power, not education. Only if there\u2019s trust will there be friendship.", "Different religious traditions can live together on the basis of mutual admiration, mutual respect, and learning from each other.", "We are all human beings possessing a seed of compassion. We have to use our intelligence to cultivate the inner values associated with it.", "Whether we believe in religion or not, affection and compassion are key factors for our peace of mind.", "We think that if we have health and wealth they\u2019re enough to be happy, but actually happiness depends on the state of our minds.", "Video of HHDL speaking to the Shia and Sunni communities at the Shia Mosque in Leh, Ladakh, India on July 27th. ", "Thank you from HHDL for greetings and good wishes on the occasion of his 81st birthday. ", "Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.", "If you show concern for others and respect for their rights you will establish trust; and trust is the basis of friendship.", "We may sometimes feel that we can\u2019t do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference.", "We are now so interdependent that it is in our own interest to take the whole of humanity into account.", "We need to pay more attention to the inner values that are the key to our happiness.", "HHDL with local religious leaders at celebrations honoring his 81st birthday at Drepung Monastery in India on July 6 ", "Genuine peace in the world depends on our having peace in our hearts. If we are full of anger how can we expect to bring about peace.", "There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm.", "Live Webcast: HHDL\u2019s talk on \u201cCompassion as the Pillar of World Peace\u201d from Indianapolis, Indiana, USA on June 25th. ", "Watch HHDL's talk on Compassion &amp; Universal Responsibility given at University of Utah in Salt Lake City on June 21. ", "President Barack Obama greets HHDL at the entrance of the Map Room of the White House on June 15th. Photo/Pete Souza ", "\u201cWhy I\u2019m hopeful about the world\u2019s future\u201d - HHDL\u2019s opinion for the Washington Post on June 13th. ", "Live: HHDL\u2019s dialogue at US Institute of Peace &amp; talk \"A Peaceful Mind in a Modern World\" from Washington DC June 13 ", "Friendship depends on trust and trust grows when we live our lives honestly and sincerely, cultivating respect and concern for others.", "If we start now and make the effort, we can make the world a more peaceful place. We have to try.", "HHDL talks about the importance of optimism at a meeting with youth leaders at his residence in India on May 4th. ", "In order to help others, in order to serve others, the real motive is love.", "Being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.", "Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.", "Inner peace depends on warm-heartedness and a concern for others\u2019 well being.", "Building trust depends on concern for others and defending their rights, not doing them harm.", "Live Webcast: HHDL in a discussion on Ancient Indian Philosophy &amp; Modern Sciences from Dharamsala, India on April 29 ", "If we remember the oneness of humanity and think of each other as brothers and sisters we can overcome that potential for violence.", "This planet is our only home; we are all responsible for taking care of it. I\u2019m happy to see leaders now taking climate change seriously.", "The time has come for us to consider seriously how to change our way of life not through prayer or religious teaching, but through education", "Because society is the basis of our own happiness, it makes sense for us to take care of others.", "Creating a better world will require will-power, vision and determination. And for that we need a strong sense that humanity is one family.", "The distinction between violence and non-violence lies less in the nature of the action and more in the motivation with which it is done.", "Physical comfort alone does not bring inner peace. We create inner peace within the mind.", "We need friendship, which depends on trust. And that depends on concern for others, defending their rights, and not doing them harm.", "Watch: HHDL talks about how we can contribute to a better humanity in this clip from the Mayo Clinic on February 29. ", "Whether technology's effect is good or bad depends on the user. It's important that we shouldn't be slaves to technology; it should help us.", "Live: HHDL's teaching on 8 Verses of Mind Training and discussion on well-being from Madison, WI, USA on March 8-9. ", "Cultivating warm-heartedness and compassion is something we can all do.", "Just as cold is dispelled by heat, its opposite, anger and loving-kindness counter one another.", "Watch HHDL's Tibetan New Year's Message recorded in Rochester, Minnesota, USA on February 4th. ", "Open hearts encourage a sense of security and trust that is the basis of genuine friendship, which is to everyone's benefit.", "We will only create a more peaceful and harmonious world if we adopt a peaceful approach and engage openly in dialogue.", "Love and affection are important if we are to live a happy life.", "What is important today is that we consciously cultivate a sense of the oneness of humanity, because we all depend on each other.", "Friendship doesn\u2019t depend on fame, money or physical strength. It\u2019s based on trust and trust depends on love and affection.", "Live: In honor of HHDL's 80th year, friends and supporters will gather in New Delhi to celebrate on January 4th. ", "If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you'll be open and transparent, which leads to trust. And trust leads to friendship.", "We have to make a special effort to think of each other as fellow human beings, as our brothers and sisters.", "We have a marvellous brain, but have to use it properly. It's scientific to be sceptical, to research and experiment. An approach I admire.", "When you help others, do so out of respect. Don't look down on them. Serve other human beings with a compassionate intent.", "HHDL speaks on caring for our global environment in a short clip from an interview in Oxford, UK on September 15. ", "Climate change affects everyone, all nations, not just one or two. Consider it a global issue; national interests will automatically be met.", "This planet is our home and Tibet its roof. We need #climateaction for #Tibet - the #RoofOfTheWorld #COP21 #ADP2015 ", "When faced with problems, don\u2019t lose hope. Keep up your self-confidence and don\u2019t be too impatient to achieve quick results.", "We need to promote the oneness of all human beings, on the basis of which there are no grounds for killing or exploiting others.", "HHDL answers a student's question on the meaning of a successful life at IIT Madras, India on Nov 10th. ", "It is possible to use our intelligence and extend our compassion to others, including even our enemies.", "Tibet's ecology needs protecting, not just for Tibetans, but for the health and sustainability of the entire world ", "Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us train our minds, overcome our negativities and fulfill our inner potential.", "The future is in your hands, but for it to be peaceful and happy requires a sense of compassion and concern for others\u2019 well-being.", "Many think that happiness is to be found outside ourselves in material things, but actually happiness is something that comes from within.", "Changing the world is up to us. If each of us tries, the next generation may see a happier, more peaceful world emerge.", "Let's remember that world peace results from individuals like us finding lasting peace within #PeaceDayChallenge ", "To serve others and not only to secure their welfare, but also to avoid harming them, is the standard of a meaningful life.", "As human beings, equipped with marvellous intelligence and the potential for developing a warm heart, each of us can become a force for good", "It's unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved through prayer or good wishes alone; what we need is to take action.", "The goal of happier human beings living together, supporting each other, in a more peaceful world, is, I believe, something we can achieve.", "Loving is of even greater importance than being loved.", "The use of force and violence inevitably entails unanticipated consequences, but rarely yields a solution.", "Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength.", "HHDL sends his thanks for all the greetings and good wishes sent to him on his 80th birthday. ", "The moment you think of others, your mind widens.", "Japan, the one country to have suffered nuclear attack, has taken the lead in opposing nuclear weapons. I strongly urge you to keep it up.", "To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.", "The real troublemaker is within us. Our true enemies are our own destructive tendencies.", "To cultivate genuine compassion we need to take responsibility for our own care and have concern for everyone's suffering, including our own", "If we\u2019re motivated by a genuine sense of universal responsibility our relations with the environment and our neighbors will be more balanced", "What makes our human life precious is our marvellous brain. We have an ability to cultivate compassion in a way no other beings can do.", "The greatest threat we face today is violence.", "The gun may seem more decisive in the short term, but in the long term the power of truth is stronger.", "When we wake up we can remind ourselves - \"I need to be happy, I need to have warm feelings towards others.\"", "We all want to be happy and avoid suffering, and we all have a right to be happy. That\u2019s why I say we are all the same.", "To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.", "A truthful, compassionate attitude is a sign of strength. It\u2019s lying and anger that betray weakness.", "Since climate change and the global economy now affect us all, we have to develop a sense of the oneness of humanity.", "We all have the potential to develop unbiased love and concern for other human beings.", "To reduce destructive emotions we need to strengthen constructive emotions. For example, to counter anger we cultivate love and compassion.", "Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and talks from Leura, Brisbane and Perth, Australia on June 8-14. ", "It\u2019s important is to show children affection to give them a sense of security and the ability to be affectionate for the rest of their lives", "Ask yourselves now and then, \"How can I contribute to human beings being happier and more at peace?\"", "As human beings we are all responsible for each other; we all have the potential to be kind and affectionate.", "When our mind is calm, we\u2019re better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.", "Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to base all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.", "Common sense tells us we\u2018ll be happy even if we\u2019re poor if we\u2019re warm-hearted, whereas if we\u2019re wealthy but self-centred we\u2019ll be miserable", "Kindness and compassion give rise to self-confidence, which in turn empowers us to be honest, truthful and transparent.", "Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society", "Because all religious traditions teach love, tolerance and forgiveness, and share a common goal, we can appreciate and respect them all.", "\"Tackling Anger\" - HHDL responds to a student's question at Tibetan Children's Village School (TCV) on April 23rd. ", "Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear recognition of our shared status as human beings.", "Doing to harm to others may bring some temporary satisfaction, but being helpful to them is the only real source of lasting joy.", "HHDL appreciates Desmond Tutu as the image of joy during their conversation in Dharamsala, India on April 20 ", "Our potential for positive and negative emotions is the same, but intelligence is our special quality. Use it well; be successful and happy.", "The future is in the hands of those who belong to the 21st century with the opportunity to build a better humanity by training the mind.", "Friends are made on the basis of trust and trust only grows if you are kind to people.", "It is important to teach young people at school that violence is a fruitless approach to solving problems.", "It\u2019s clear that the ultimate source of happiness is warm-heartedness.", "Anger cannot coexist with inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness.", "When our mind is calm, we\u2019re better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.", "If we have respect and concern for other beings, we\u2019ll be able to create an atmosphere of happiness, harmony and real brotherhood", "One of our best human qualities is intelligence; it enables us to judge what is beneficial and what brings harm.", "In our daily lives, mindfulness, a more holistic and compassionate attitude helps us keep our peace of mind; it\u2019s good for our health too.", "Compassion is not just the business of the religious; it is important to know it\u2019s everyone\u2019s business, it is a question of human survival.", "We need to strike a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved on the basis of love and compassion.", "Only tolerance and patience can protect us from the destructive effects of anger and hatred.", "Everyone can practise non-violence, it only calls for determination. If you succeed, it will open the way to a far more peaceful world.", "Affection and compassion are indispensable in daily life.", "Idealistic as it may sound, altruism should be the driving force in business, not just competition and a desire for wealth.", "True compassion isn\u2019t just an emotional response, it\u2019s a firm commitment founded on reason, which doesn\u2019t change if others behave badly.", "Determination, courage, self-confidence lead to success, but we should always remain humble, modest and unpretentious.", "Showing respect for others\u2019 rights and views is not only the source of reconciliation it\u2019s also an aspect of compassion.", "Tolerance is always important, it helps us overcome difficulties. Without it, small things irritate us and we overreact.", "Material development only gives us sensory pleasure, but to be lastingly happy we need to develop our minds. We need calm minds.", "Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.", "The purpose of religion is not building grand temples but cultivating positive human qualities like tolerance, generosity and love.", "We can develop patience and change our attitudes through steady practice - the human mind has such potential.", "Concern yourselves more with the needs of others, with the needs of all humanity, and you'll have peace of mind.", "Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being.", "True friendship develops not as a result of money or power but on the basis of genuine human affection.", "If we were to think of other people as our human brothers and sisters, there\u2019d be no room for quarrelling or killing each other.", "Short clip: HHDL answers a question from a young student on compassion at MIT in Cambridge, MA, USA on Oct 31, 2014 ", "You can't buy inner peace or wisdom with money. You have to create them within yourself.", "Without technology humanity has no future, but we have to be careful that we don\u2019t become so mechanised that we lose our human feelings.", "To meet this century\u2019s challenges, human beings need a greater sense of universal responsibility.", "Compassion should be unbiased, based on a recognition that others have a right to happiness, just as you do.", "Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these positive emotions, society will face tremendous difficulties.", "Human rights apply to every country because all human beings share an inherent yearning for freedom, dignity and equality.", "If you develop care and concern for others, you\u2019ll develop a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.", "We need to balance material and spiritual progress, acting with love and compassion can help achieve that balance.", "I believe that human nature is fundamentally positive and gentle; therefore, a human approach should be non-violent.", "If we do nothing to restrain our angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions, happiness will elude us.", "Even small acts of compassion bring meaning and purpose to our lives.", "My number one commitment is to extend awareness that peace of mind depends on our cultivating inner values.", "Affection, warm-heartedness, that makes us happy; wealth alone can\u2019t do that.", "The value of compassion and forgiveness is not confined to matters of religion. These are human values that we shouldn\u2019t neglect.", "Patience as we wait to take action is a kind of compassionate mind. Impatience on the other hand can be a source of failure.", "A calm mind makes us relaxed, improves our health and makes for happier families and communities.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on Nagarjuna's \"Precious Garland\" from Dharamsala, India on November 11-13. ", "Affection, a sense of community and a sense of concern for others are not some kind of luxury. They\u2019re about the survival of humanity.", "Cultivating a genuine sense of concern for others\u2019 well-being is the basis for the trust that makes happiness and friendship possible.", "If you make others happy, you\u2019ll be happy. If you make others unhappy, you\u2019ll be miserable.", "Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and dialogues from Boston and New York City on October 31st to November 5th. ", "We are social animals and it is in our own interest, if we want to live a happy life, to think of the rest of humanity.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL\u2019s public talks and discussions from Birmingham, Alabama and Princeton, New Jersey on Oct 25-28. ", "It\u2019s not just money we need to lead a happy life; more important is to find inner peace.", "Compassion indicates strength, while anger is a sign of weakness and forgiveness is about not giving in to anger or thoughts of revenge.", "If we want to improve humanity, we have to start with individuals.", "Tackling destructive emotions like anger and hatred entails developing constructive emotions like love and compassion.", "Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness.", "Live webcast: HHDL with Nobel Laureates in Dharamsala, India starting at 9:30am IST on October 2nd. ", "If you\u2019re angry and resentful it\u2019s like being part of a chain reaction; forgiveness puts a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge.", "It is evident that to help others rather than harming them, treating them with love and compassion leads to lasting trust and friendship.", "The idea of one side suffering defeat while the other side triumphs is out of date. Instead we have to develop dialogue.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL convenes \"A Meeting of Diverse Spiritual Traditions in India\" Sept 20-21 from New Delhi, India. ", "In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is take care of others.", "Developing an attitude more concerned with others reduces fear and fosters friendship.", "When we have an altruistic motivation, all our actions become constructive.", "We need cooperation based on trust and self-confidence to create an open, compassionate, harmonious society.", "There needs to be a systematic approach to introducing inner values, a warm-hearted concern for all human beings, into education.", "Compassion is a source of happiness, while self-centerdness can lead ultimately to violence.", "HHDL thanking the crowd at celebrations honoring his 79th birthday at the 33rd Kalachakra in Ladakh, India on July 6 ", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's Kalachakra teachings from Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 3-13. ", "Warm-heartedness and concern for others\u2019 well-being are a condition for happiness, whether you are religious or not.", "Non-violence is when one has the chance to harm another but resists from doing so, this is genuine non-violence.", "The quality of our actions, whether they are positive or negative, depends on our motivation. This is why we have to transform our minds.", "We need to consider how our actions affect wildlife and the environment, and how they are likely to affect others.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Dharamsala, India on June 4-6. ", "Warm-heartedness and compassion are the keys to being happy human beings living in happy families and communities", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Teaching on Buddhism from Mumbai, India on May 30th - June 2nd. ", "I often tease young people about their concern for how they look; more important is inner beauty - compassion, affection and respect.", "Wherever I go I try to hold discussions with members of other religious traditions, because it is important to get to know about them.", "The more we are concerned for the well-being of others, the closer we will feel to each other.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's public talk, interactive session with students &amp; discussion from Frankfurt, Germany May 14-15. ", "Live webcasts of HHDL's teaching and public talk from Oslo, Norway on May 8-9, 2014. ", "If we cherish non-violence and concern for others\u2019 well-being it is possible to make this a more peaceful century.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on the \"Heart Sutra\" &amp; \"37 Practices of Bodhisattvas\" from Riga, Latvia on May 5-6 ", "Archbishop Desmond Tutu challenges the world to forgive. Join the #ForgivenessChallenge. ", "A meaningful life isn't about acquiring money and other facilities; it\u2019s about dedicating your life to helping others as much as you can.", "As a human being, I believe each one of us should have some concern for others and for the planet.", "It is always helpful to remain honest and truthful in the face of difficulty.", "In addition to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achieve inner peace.", "Pay more attention to compassion and you\u2019ll find you\u2019re happier. It\u2019s that practical and simple.", "We need to see that anger is never any use in solving problems, but that patience and compassion are helpful.", "If tragedy strikes, don\u2019t lose hope. Transform it into an opportunity to make things better.", "HHDL speaks about genuine friendship in this short video clip from his meeting with students in New Delhi on March 22 ", "When you are concerned for the welfare of others, bullying and exploitation cease.", "Live Webcast: HHDL will bestow the Medicine Buddha Empowerment from Dharamsala, India on March 31st. ", "We have to try to solve local problems keeping global interests in mind.", "We can teach people how to be happy on the basis of secular ethics, that a compassionate mind is useful, beneficial and secular in nature.", "Live Webcast: HHDL\u2019s teaching on the \u201cLife Stories of the Buddha (Jataka Tales)\u201d from Dharamsala, India on March 16. ", "Even people opposed to religion need calm minds and compassion to make their work more effective.", "Watch: HHDL delivers the Opening Prayer at the US Senate on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on March 6th. ", "We all need basic human values rooted in trust and affection.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and Tibetan New Year's celebrations from Minneapolis and Washington DC on March 1-7. ", "Warm-heartedness gives rise to the self-confidence and inner strength that supports a calm mind.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama is now on @Instagram. You can follow the official account at ", "Watch Live: HHDL joins HuffPost Live from Los Angeles on February 26th starting at 8:45am PST. ", "Just as we teach about physical hygiene in the interest of good health, we now need to teach about mental or emotional hygiene too.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on February 21, 2014. ", "It is important to appreciate the contribution compassion and warm-heartedness make to happiness.", "HHDL will talk on \"Non-Violence and the Effects of Compassion in the 21st Century\" at the Forum in Los Angeles Feb 25 ", "Live: Panel discussions with HHDL hosted by the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, DC on February 20th. ", "Everyone wants to lead a happy life, a meaningful life. In order to fulfil this goal our practice should be realistic.", "When you face problems in your lives, don\u2019t resort to the use of force, try to employ dialogue to find a solution.", "Whether we follow a religious path or not, as human beings we all need affection.", "We must design education that provides for both knowledge and a healthy mind, creating a sense of compassion that responds to all humanity.", "We have to build a better, more equal world through peace and non-violence.", "It would help if there were greater understanding that anger never helps to solve a problem.", "Leading your life honestly and truthfully will create trust and friendship.", "Now we\u2019re so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a source of trouble.", "You can\u2019t help someone just by making a wish to do so, you have to take action.", "We need a sense of belonging to one humanity, respecting the rights and views of others.", "If you dedicate yourself to helping others, you\u2019ll be happier.", "We can only transform humanity and create a happier more compassionate world through education.", "HHDL\u2019s New Year\u2019s message in this short video clip from his teachings at Sera Jey Monastery, South India on Jan 1st. ", "Today, let us wish each other a Happy New Year, but also that we may make it meaningful.", "No matter what our motivation may be, if we are not realistic we will not fulfil our goal.", "In order to exercise creativity, freedom of thought is essential.", "Live: HHDL teaches on the 18 Great Stages of the Path (Lam Rim) Commentaries at Sera Monastery, India Dec 25 \u2013 Jan 3 ", "Live: HHDL\u2019s teaching on Shantideva\u2019s \u201cGuide to the Bodhisattva\u2019s Way of Life\u201d from New Delhi, India, December 21-22. ", "We cannot change the past, but we can reshape the future. Young people have the opportunity to create a happier, better future", "Live: HHDL, Archbishop Tutu, Richard Branson, Mary Robinson, honor Nelson Mandela  Ask questions with #MandelaTribute.", "All beings want to live in peace and happiness, undisturbed. Therefore the concept of human rights is universal.", "Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship.", "HHDL responds to the passing away of Nelson Mandela in this clip from his talk in New Delhi, India on December 6th. ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses condolences at the passing away of Nelson Mandela ", "It\u2019s harmful to employ technology fired by anger and hatred. It can only be beneficial if we\u2019re motivated to seek the welfare of all beings.", "Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings from New Delhi, India on December 2-3, 2013.  ", "Sometimes things go wrong; that\u2019s normal. But we have a saying in Tibetan, \u2018Nine times fail, nine times try again'.", "Because of the risks involved in indulging in unrestrained desire and greed we need to cultivate contentment and simplicity.", "I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives.", "HHDL is greeted by students on his arrival at Yakumo Academy, a girl\u2019s school in Tokyo, Japan on November 18th ", "Not only is your own happiness and welfare related to others, but the more you help them, the happier you will be.", "I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend. This gives me a genuine feeling of happiness.", "Live Webcast: HHDL's one day teaching on \"Three Principal Aspects of the Path\" in Dharamsala, India on November 11. ", "Since we are increasingly interdependent it's time to develop a sense of global responsibility, to help each other and promote human values.", "Great changes start with individuals; the basis of world peace is inner peace in the hearts of individuals, something we can all work for.", "If we have a good heart and concern for others, our actions will be positive.", "The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.", "Live: Mind &amp; Life XXVII Conference - Desire, Craving and Addiction with HHDL from Dharamsala, India on Oct 28 - Nov 1 ", "Love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.", "We need values based on common sense, experience and scientific findings, what I refer to as secular ethics.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from the Beacon Theatre in New York City on October 18-20. ", "If you want change, create the causes.", "Having a compassionate attitude is the ultimate basis for living a happy life.", "Live webcasts: HHDL's talks, teaching and discussions from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, USA on October 8-10 ", "Prayer can be of great solace to the individual, but changing the world requires us to take action.", "If we make a common attempt to improve our education systems, we can educate the coming generations to be more compassionate.", "Live: HHDL's teaching on 60 Stanzas of Reasoning &amp; Path of the Stages of Enlightenment from India on Sept 30 - Oct 3 ", "As human beings, we have a common responsibility to build a more peaceful society.", "The opponent of peace of mind is not something external, but within us.", "Use your human intelligence in the best way you can; transform your emotions in a positive way.", "Fear that makes us run from a mad dog is useful and necessary, whereas fear rooted in mistrust is unhelpful and needs to be overcome.", "Nobel Peace Laureates HHDL and  Aung San Suu Kyi during their meeting in Prague, Czech Republic on September 15th. ", "In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is to take care of others.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks, teachings and discussions from Lithuania and the Czech Republic on September 12-16. ", "Forgiveness is how we put a stop to anger, ill-will and a desire for revenge.", "Live Webcast: HHDL's talk \"The Culture of Compassion\" from Riga, Latvia on September 9th starting at 1:30pm CEST ", "If we have peace of mind, we\u2019ll always feel happy. Deceiving ourselves that money is the source of happiness, we won\u2019t.", "I\u2019m optimistic that there is a growing appetite for peace in the world. Many young people are fed up with war and violence.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on \"A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life\" from Dharamsala, India on September 3-5. ", "HHDL speaks about his dream on the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s \"I Have a Dream\" speech. #DreamDay ", "Warm-heartedness is the key factor that allows me to smile and be happy, even in the company of strangers.", "Live: HHDL's teaching on Stages of the Path to Enlightenment &amp; Overview of Tantra from Dharamsala, India August 25-27 ", "Blessings don\u2019t come from outside, but from within. Whatever blessings we receive are the result of our own efforts and positive actions.", "Anger destroys our peace of mind and causes trouble. It also hampers our ability to function properly.", "Wherever I go I talk to people about the need to be aware of the oneness of humanity.", "Compassion is what makes our lives meaningful.", "Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as \u2018them\u2019 but \u2018us\u2019.", "It is important to let people know that they have the source of contentment and happiness within themselves.", "Live Webcast: HHDL and Rev. Dada J.P. Vaswani, hosted by Aamir Khan from Pune, India on July 28th. ", "Peace can only be achieved through non-violence. This is something we have to train and educate our children to put into effect.", "Video in support of Mandela Day (appearance by HHDL). Join in helping to perpetuate Nelson Mandela's legacy. ", "A person who practices compassion and forgiveness has great inner strength, whereas aggression is usually a sign of weakness.", "Among human beings trust comes about, not from expressions of wealth or fame, but from our showing affection.", "When you concern yourself with others, you naturally develop a sense of self-confidence. To help others takes courage and inner strength.", "HHDL speaks about the best birthday gift he can receive in this short clip from his talk on July 6th.  ", "Live Webcast: HHDL\u2019s 78th birthday celebrations from Sera Monastery in Bylakuppe, India on July 6th at 9am IST. ", "Despite the superficial differences between us, we need to have a sense that all 7 billion human beings belong to one human family.", "What we do need to do is to find ways to incorporate advice about warm-heartedness into our education system.", "Moved by the tragedy of unprecedented flooding and landslides in Uttarakhand, India, HHDL expresses his sympathy. ", "When we develop care and concern by thinking of others not as \u2018them\u2019 but \u2018us\u2019, there is no room for bullying, exploitation or deceit.", "Genuine peace is based on inner peace, because you cannot build peace on the basis of anger.", "Video of Leigh Sales of ABC\u2019s 7.30 interviewing HHDL in Sydney, Australia, originally broadcast on June 13th. ", "Our real guide is our own mind, our sense of reason.", "Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL\u2019s teachings and talks during his visit to Australia on June 14-23. ", "We naturally have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by taking others needs into account as well as ours.", "I feel that each of us has the potential to make some contribution and together, working with a clear aim, we can change our world.", "Human happiness depends on taking others into account.", "Live: HHDL\u2019s four day teaching on \u201cA Guide to the Bodhisattva\u2019s Way of Life\u201d from Dharamsala, India on June 1-4. ", "If we make consistent effort, based on proper education, we can change the world.", "It is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends.", "We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others.", "HHDL talks about the need for hope in our lives in a clip from his Tulane University Commencement address on May 18 ", "Everybody wants a happy life and a peaceful mind, but we have to produce peace of mind through our own practice.", "Live: HHDL\u2019s talks and dialogues from Madison, Wisconsin and New Orleans, Louisiana on May 15-18, 2013. ", "Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.", "Live: HHDL from the Environmental Summit in Portland &amp; the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, USA, on May 9-11. ", "Serving and helping others out of compassion is non-violence in action.", "Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions.", "If we can refrain from harming others in our everyday actions and words, we can start to give more serious attention to actively doing good.", "Placing all our hope on material development is clearly mistaken; the ultimate source of happiness is within us.", "Live: HHDL\u2019s talk and discussions from St John\u2019s College &amp; University of Cambridge in Cambridge, UK, on April 19-20. ", "Live: HHDL\u2019s talk on \u201cThe Culture of Compassion\u201d from Derry, UK, on April 18th starting at 1:00pm BST ", "It\u2019s unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved only on the basis of prayer, what we need is to take action.", "Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL\u2019s teachings and talks during his visit to Switzerland on April 13-16. ", "Concern for others\u2019 well being reduces fear and suspicion, prompting the openness and transparency that gives rise to trust and friendship.", "Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that.", "Refraining from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-being and out of respect is non-violence.", "Whether we are happy or not depends on our attitude; compassion, for instance, leads to a calmer mind.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama congratulates the new Pope ", "Education is the way to achieve far-reaching results, it is the proper way to promote compassion and tolerance in society.", "Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.", "The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.", "We need material development, but we need to understand that by itself it doesn\u2019t bring peace of mind.", "Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.", "To make this a century of dialogue we need to find ways to promote a greater awareness of the oneness of humanity.", "It is important to consider others at least as important as ourselves. This is the essence of spirituality.", "It is vital that when educating our children\u2019s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.", "If you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If  people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy.", "We need not only a trained intelligence, but also a warm heart. Then a sense of community and a sense of responsibility will arise naturally", "Compassion, tolerance, forgiveness and a sense of self-discipline are qualities that help us lead our daily lives with a calm mind.", "Just as we encourage physical hygiene to preserve our health, we also need a sense of emotional or mental hygiene too.", "Live Webcasts: \u201cMind and Life XXVI - Mind, Brain and Matter\u201d with HHDL from Drepung Monastery in India, January 17-22. ", "We live in a world in which we are dependent on others; we cannot expect to fulfil our goals while disregarding others\u2019 needs.", "We forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.", "The real source of inner strength and self-confidence is warm-heartedness.", "Compassion brings peace of mind and with it better health; so cherish compassion.", "To utilize our intelligence correctly a calm mind is very important.", "Through education we have to lead people to see that concern for others is actually in their own interest.", "By implementing the practice of love and compassion, we will naturally live a non-violent way of life.", "Scientists are discovering that while anger and hatred eat into our immune system, warm-heartedness and compassion are good for our health.", "On a simple level we find that if we have a compassionate heart we naturally have more friends.", "I always try to share with others the idea that in order to become compassionate it is not necessary to become religious.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL\u2019s teaching on \"Essence of Refined Gold\u201d from Dharamsala, India, on November 20-21. ", "When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity.", "HHDL talks on today\u2019s global reality of interdependence in this short clip from his talk in Tokyo, Japan on November 13 ", "Past history clearly shows that violence cannot solve problems.", "Co-operation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kind-heartedness.", "Video of HHDL's meeting with members of the press in Yokohama, Japan, on November 5th. ", "A great Tibetan teacher of mind training once remarked that one of the mind\u2019s most marvelous qualities is that it can be transformed.", "A mind wishing to benefit other people and other sentient beings is the very basis of peace and happiness.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama's concern about events in Burma ", "Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our daily lives.", "Peace in the world relies on individuals finding inner peace.", "One way to ensure everyone\u2019s peace and happiness is to cultivate a healthy respect for the diversity of other peoples and cultures.", "We need to encourage an understanding that inner peace comes from relying on human values like, love, compassion, tolerance and honesty.", "Ann Curry of NBC News interviews HHDL during his recent visit to New York. Originally broadcast October 11th. ", "Genuine happiness comes from focusing on the happiness of others.", "Live Webcast: \"Contemplative Practice &amp; Health\" with HHDL from New York City starting at 9am to 3:30pm EDT October 20. ", "HHDL talks about healthy mind and body in this short clip from his talk at The College of William &amp; Mary, October 10. ", "Success can\u2019t be measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL\u2019s teachings &amp; talks from Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut, USA, on October 16-19. ", "Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there\u2019s no room for cheating, bullying or exploitation.", "Peace isn't the mere absence of violence; peace must come from inner peace. And inner peace comes from taking others\u2019 interests into account", "HHDL shaking hands with Dave Matthews onstage at the One World Concert held in Syracuse, NY, USA, on October 9th.  ", "Warm-heartedness and concern for others are a part of human nature and are at the core of positive human values.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's visit to the USA - talks and discussions from New York, Virginia and Vermont on October 8-13. ", "A happy society must be created by people themselves, not through prayer alone, but by taking action.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Atisha's \"Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment\" from Dharamsala, India on October 1-4 ", "I like to point out that our nature is basically compassionate because we are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection.", "The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves.", "We need to understand how destructive emotions affect us and constructive emotions can help us, so that we can maintain our peace of mind.", "In order to lead a meaningful life, you need to cherish others, pay attention to human values and try to cultivate inner peace.", "Training the mind is the source of inner peace.\u201d", "A real sense of concern for others breeds trust, which in turn leads to friendship and a sense of security.", "Compassion and peace of mind bring a sense of confidence that reduce stress and anxiety.", "When we are caught up in a destructive emotion, we lose one of our greatest assets: our independence.", "Improvement requires continuous effort.", "Many of our world's problems and conflicts arise because we have lost sight of the basic humanity that binds us together as a human family.", "Live: HHDL teaches on Shantideva's \"A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life\" from Dharamsala, India, September 4-6 ", "We need to understand that material development by itself it doesn\u2019t bring peace of mind. This can only be developed within the mind.", "Since universal compassion involves gradually expanding one\u2019s circle of concern to the whole of humanity, it needs constant cultivation.", "The best way of fulfilling your own interest is to take care of others.", "I have found that the greatest degree of inner peace comes from cultivating love and compassion.", "We have to find ways to encourage non-violence, compassion and respect for others\u2019 rights to achieve a better world in the future.", "When I wake in the morning I make a wish to be useful to others.", "We need an approach to ethics which makes no recourse to religion and can be equally acceptable to those with faith and those without.", "When we develop a sense of concern for others' well-being then the very basis of anger is no longer there.", "I have made a commitment to work until I die to raise awareness that the source of happiness, warm-heartedness, lies within us.", "Affection is important because it counters anger, hatred and suspicion that can prevent our minds from functioning clearly.", "HHDL speaks about the oneness of humanity in this clip from his talk in Inverness, Scotland, given on June 23, 2012. ", "Who is there among us who does not prefer tolerance, respect and forgiveness of our failings to bigotry, disrespect, and resentment?", "Don't blame others for your uneasy feelings; blame your own state of mind. This is why altruism \u00a0brings you greater peace of mind.", "Whatever you do, take a realistic view and think of the long term interests of humanity.", "More important than being loved is to love.", "It is important for us to examine our motivation in our day to day life.", "We have the source of contentment and happiness within ourselves, and it is related to nurturing our natural inner values.", "Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of particular emotions and applying our intelligence, we can transform our minds.", "People in every part of the world are fed up with violence; increasingly people are looking for ways to create peace.", "A calm mind is good for our physical health, but it also enables us to see things more realistically.", "We need to relate to each other out of compassion, with a sense of connection to each other and a deep recognition of our common humanity.", "A good way to work for a more peaceful world is to develop concern for others.", "HHDL is greeted by well-wishers as he arrives for celebrations honoring his 77th birthday in Dharamsala on July 6  ", "Live Webcast: HHDL's 77th Birthday Celebrations from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India on July 6th.. ", "Anger destroys our peace of mind and our physical health. We shouldn\u2019t welcome it or think of it as natural or as a friend.", "Kindness and a good heart are the underlying foundation for success in this life and making progress on the spiritual path.", "Altruism is not merely a religious ideal; it is an indispensable requirement for humanity at large.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from Milan, Italy, on June 27-28. English, Italian &amp; Russian languages. ", "Through constant training we can enhance our positive attitudes and thoughts and reduce their opposing negative attitudes.", "HHDL greeting a young fan on his arrival in Inverness, Scotland, on June 23.                                       ", "A genuine change must first come from within the individual, only then can he or she attempt to make a significant contribution to humanity.", "HHDL with Britain's Prince Charles at Clarence House in London, England, on June 20th.                             ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama with Aung San Suu Kyi during their private meeting in London, England, on June 19th.   ", "If you conduct your life on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence.", "HHDL in a playful mood with comedian Russell Brand in during an event for young people in Manchester, UK, June 16. ", "Today's children are hugely important, our hopes for the future lie in their hands and rest on their shoulders.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and teachings live from Manchester, England, June 16th-18th. ", "I am increasingly convinced that the time has come to find a way of thinking about spirituality and ethics beyond religion altogether.", "When, from the depths of your heart, you spontaneously wish all beings to find true, lasting happiness, this is great love.", "To be extremely self-centred, only interested in your own satisfaction, always brings negative consequences in the long run.", "The sole source of peace in families, countries and the world is\naltruism \u2013 love and compassion.", "HHDL talks about realistic compassion in a clip from his talk given at the University of Hawaii on April 15, 2012. ", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Buddhist Teachings from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on June 7-9. ", "Warm-heartedness reinforces our self-confidence \u2013 giving us not a blind confidence, but a sense of confidence based on reason.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL introductory teachings on Buddhism for young Tibetans from TCV in Dharamsala, India, June 1-3. ", "The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share.", "HHDL attending Mass at St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna, Austria, on May 27th.                                    ", "HHDL speaking at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet at the Vienna Heldenplatz in Vienna, Austria, on May 26.  ", "Cultivating inner discipline is something that takes time; expecting rapid results is simply a sign of impatience.", "The ultimate source of happiness is not money and power, but warm-heartedness.", "HHDL greeting well-wishers waiting outside the Salzburg Arena before his talk in Salzburg, Austria, on May 21st.   ", "Genuine friendship depends on genuine affection and taking a sense of responsibility for each other.", "HHDL will speak at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet in Vienna, Austria, on May 26th. ", "Human values like democracy, freedom of speech and freedom of the individual, these are changes whose momentum cannot be stopped.", "HHDL on CNN\u2019s Piers Morgan Tonight originally broadcast on April 25, 2012. ", "The quality of everything we do: our physical actions, our verbal actions, and even our mental actions, depends on our motivation.", "Dr. John M. Templeton Jr. presents the 2012 Templeton Prize to HHDL at St. Paul\u2019s Cathedral in London on May 14th. ", "Unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.", "Live Webcast: 2012 Templeton Prize will be awarded to HHDL at St. Paul's Cathedral in London, UK, on May 14  #TempPrize", "Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.", "Actively promoting the positive inner qualities of the human heart will be appreciated by all.", "Once you realize that compassion is useful, that it is something really worthwhile, you immediately develop a willingness to cultivate it.", "Even our personal virtues, such as patience and our sense of ethics, are all developed in dependence upon others.", "Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind \u2013 compassion opens it.", "Whenever I meet someone I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them.", "Just as we need good physical health  we also need strength of mind to \nensure our well-being; and we develop it by cultivating ethics.", "As individuals and nations become increasingly interdependent, we have no choice but to develop a sense of universal responsibility.", "Live Webcasts with HHDL from the Mayo Clinic and 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates on April 23-25, 2012. ", "Video of HHDL\u2019s interview for KPBS in San Diego, California, recorded on April 19th, 2012. ", "Live Webcast: HHDL's talk \"Peace of Mind in Troubled Times\" from Long Beach, California, on April 21st at 1:30pm PDT.. ", "If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.", "HHDL talks about the importance of inner values in this clip from his talk at the University of Hawaii on April 14th. ", "HHDL jokes with members of the voyaging canoe H\u014dk\u016ble\u2018a at Kualoa Regional Park on Oahu, Hawaii, on April 16, 2012. ", "Having a more compassionate attitude helps you communicate more easily with your fellow human beings.", "Short video clip of HHDL being welcomed on his arrival in Hawaii on April 13th. ", "If we are optimistic, take a longer view, and we employ realistic methods, we can contribute to making the world a better place.", "Live webcasts of HHDL's public talks and panel discussions from Hawaii and San Diego, USA, from April 14-19. ", "Unbiased love is undoubtedly difficult to generate, but if you practice\nwith determination, day by day your attitude will be transformed.", "As you develop a more compassionate attitude, you feel less anxiety, while your determination and self-confidence increase.", "I am often asked whether I am optimistic for the future of humanity. My simple answer is yes.", "An inflated sense of self-importance deflects us from the inner peace and happiness we seek and affects those around us negatively.", "HHDL during his visit to Rewalsar Sahib, a Sikh shrine in Tso Pema (Rewalsar), HP, India on April 3rd, 2012.       ", "Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength.", "HHDL wins the 2012 Templeton Prize, honored for encouraging scientific research and harmony among religions  #tempprize", "We often talk about moral values, justice and trust, but the important thing is to put them into effect in our everyday lives.", "Live Webcast: HHDL's public talk \"Ethics - Educating the Mind and Heart\" from Delhi University on March 22nd. ", "Wealth may contribute to our happiness, but it's not the most important factor; by itself wealth fails to bring us deep inner satisfaction.", "On a personal level, we all appreciate people who are kind and warm-hearted.", "A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness.", "The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.", "Common sense shows you the value of warmheartedness.", "HHDL during the Jataka Tales teaching held at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th.          ", "The more adept we are in cultivating altruism, the happier we will be and the better the atmosphere we will create around us.", "Live Webcast: HHDL will teach on the Jataka Tales from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th. ", "Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies.", "Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness.", "It is vital that when we educate our children\u2019s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.", "The ultimate source of comfort and peace is within ourselves.", "If we seek happiness for ourselves, we should practice compassion: and if we seek happiness for others, we should also practice compassion.", "Traditional Tibetan New Year prayers with HHDL on the Main Tibetan Temple rooftop in Dharamsala, India, on Feb 22. ", "We have to put effort into being honest, truthful and compassionate towards others.", "Nonviolence is not a sign of weakness, but rather one of self-confidence and courage.", "Altruism is the spirit out of which we choose to take action and give\nhelp that brings others happiness.", "In order to use human intelligence properly our mind should be calm.", "Archbishop Desmond Tutu and his wife Leah Tutu with HHDL during their visit to Dharamsala, India, on February 10th ", "Live Webcast: HHDL welcomes Archbishop Desmond Tutu to Dharamsala, India, on February 10 at 10:30-11:30am Indian Time ", "We can benefit others through our actions by being warm and generous toward them, by being charitable, and by helping those in need.", "Compassion is the ultimate source of success in life.", "In today's deeply interdependent world, war is outdated and illogical.", "We need to teach about warmheartedness in a secular context.", "Cultivating inner awareness, introspection and reasoning can be more effective than meditation and prayer.", "It is because of my wish to be helpful that I share my ideas and experiences; being helpful to even one person is valuable.", "So long as we are under the control of disturbing emotions, real happiness is hard to find.", "The human capacity to care for others isn\u2019t something trivial or something to be taken for granted. Rather it is something we should cherish", "We all appreciate in others the inner qualities of kindness, patience, tolerance, forgiveness and generosity.", "Compassion is a true source of happiness.", "Genuine friendship can only be based on trust and affection, which can only arise when there is a mutual sense of concern and respect.", "The key to human happiness lies within our own state of mind, and so too do the primary obstacles to that happiness.", "If the twentieth century was a century of violence, let us make the twenty-first a century of dialogue.", "My hope and wish is that one day, formal education will pay attention to what I call \u201ceducation of the heart.\u201d", "In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, I believe we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal.", "HHDL placing vases around the completed Kalachakra Sand Mandala in Bodh Gaya, India, on January 6, 2012.           ", "The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being.", "HHDL talks about nonviolence at the Mahatma Gandhi International Award for Reconciliation & Peace ceremony on Jan 4. ", "While revenge weakens society, forgiveness gives it strength.", "Our aim in seeking ways of transforming our thoughts and emotions is to find a more wholesome and fulfilling way of living.", "Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings during Kalachakra for World Peace 2012 from Bodh Gaya, India, on January 1-10. ", "A calm mind is really helpful in sustaining a healthy body.", "To suppose that we can achieve peace through violence is altogether misguided.", "When we set about cultivating those basic inner values which we all appreciate in others, then we start to live spiritually.", "Wealth should serve humanity, not vice versa.", "We need awareness of the ways we are connected with others, reflecting on the characteristics we share with others.", "The best tribute to honor and remember V\u00e1clav Havel is to work as best we can towards building a more peaceful, open and just world.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Dharamsala, India, on December 19th and 20th (in English, Russian and Tibetan). ", "To bring about a better world, let us all strive together with vision, with courage, and with optimism.", "If developing qualities like love, compassion, generosity and patience, is to be effective, we must put them into practice in our daily life", "In the early 1960s HHDL occasionally used to meet young Tibetan children at his old residence in Dharamsala, India ", "The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.", "With inner strength or mental stability, we can endure all kinds of adversity.", "HHDL meeting with his old friend former President of the Czech Republic Vaclav Havel in Prague on December 10th.   ", "Live webcasts: HHDL's public talk, discussion and press conference from Prague, Czech Republic, on December 11-12. ", "I am a man of religion, but religion alone cannot answer all our problems.", "New book by HHDL - \"Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World\" ", "It is my hope that the twenty-first century will be a century when a more caring, responsible, and compassionate humanity will emerge.", "It is vital that when educating our children\u2019s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts.", "HHDL's talk \"The Power of Women\" given in New Delhi, India, on December 2, 2011. ", "The real source of happiness involves one\u2019s state of mind, outlook, and motivation, and one\u2019s level of warmheartedness towards others.", "Even as our world continues to develop materially, there is increasing need for similar progress in our sense of inner values.", "Other human beings have a right to peace and happiness that is equal to our own; therefore we have a responsibility to help those in need.", "Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become.", "HHDL talks about dealing with anger in a short clip from his visit to Doon School in Dehradun, India, on Oct. 28, 2011 ", "Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.", "It is vital that our younger generations, the guardians of our future, develop strong awareness concerning the futility of war.", "HHDL at the opening of the new hostel for disadvantaged children near Dharamsala, India, on November 19th, 2011.   ", "We must work together. Humanity needs more genuine cooperation.", "Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give.", "HHDL talks about his commitment to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness in a clip from Chicago, July 18, 2011 ", "We tend to forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.", "Compassion is a feeling from deep in the heart that you cannot bear someone else's suffering without taking steps to relieve it.", "Appreciate how rare and full of potential your situation is in this world, then take joy in it, and use it to your best advantage.", "The purpose of spiritual practice is to effect a transformation in our attitudes; to make our minds more positive.", "The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred.", "Video of HHDL's visit to Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th to meet and speak with survivors of last March's tsunami. ", "HHDL comforts a young boy who lost his parents to the tsunami last March in Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th.    ", "We all like to be around kind people; their peaceful, relaxed nature puts us at ease.", "Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.", "We should not only cease our negative activities, but also the motivation that gives rise to them.", "HHDL reciting prayers by torchlight in the dimly lit Hall of Lamps at Okunoin, in Koyasan, Japan on November 1.    ", "It is necessary to help others in our daily lives, merely praying for them isn't enough.", "HHDL is welcomed on his arrival in Osaka on October 29th, at the start of a ten day visit to Japan.                ", "HHDL talks about environmental awareness in a clip from the first session of Mind and Life XXIII on October 17, 2011. ", "Mind training refers to transforming or purifying the mind. All the major world religions have techniques for transforming the mind.", "Compassion, along with love, is the face of altruism.", "Disturbing emotions not only disturb our own state of mind, they also disturb the minds of others.", "As our own peace of mind grows, so the atmosphere around us becomes more peaceful.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on \"Stages of the Path to Enlightenment\" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25. ", "Compassion is the wish to offer unbiased service to all beings, whether they are friendly or hostile to you.", "The capacity to devote yourself to the welfare of others yields otherwise unobtainable power and potential for good.", "HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala on October 19 for those who died or were injured in recent protests in Tibet.  ", "As compassion grows stronger, so does your commitment to the welfare of all beings, even if you have to act alone.", "Each major religion has its own spirit and character. There is no one religion appropriate for every type of people..", "Live: Conference with HHDL - \"Ecology, Ethics and Interdependence\" - from Dharamsala, India, on October 17-21. ", "Affection, honesty, harmony and non-violence are qualities that yield happiness for individuals, families and society at large.", "Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear. Others will trust you because of your open heart.", "Whether or not we follow any particular spiritual tradition, the benefits of love and kindness are obvious to anyone.", "HHDL sends his congratulations to the three 2011 Noble Peace Prize winners. ", "Live Now: HHDL and Archbishop Tutu live from South Africa and India via Google+ Hangout video link. ", "Inaugural Desmond Tutu Peace Lecture: HHDL with Archbishop Tutu by live video link in South Africa, October 8, 10:30am. ", "HHDL sends video birthday greetings on the occasion of Archbishop Desmond Tutu's 80th birthday on October 7th. ", "We can solve many problems in an appropriate way, without any difficulty, if we cultivate harmony, friendship and respect for one another.", "The more we feel concern for others and seek their well-being, the more friends we will have and the more welcome we will feel.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama calls of visit to South Africa. ", "Through thoughtful contemplation, coming to appreciate compassion and love, our mental attitudes can gradually change.", "Once they are properly developed, the mind's good qualities increase indefinitely.", "HHDL marks International Non-Violence Day during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on October 2. ", "Love gives rise to peace and happiness within us, which we then bring to the world in which we live.", "Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Nagarjuna's \"In Praise of Dhammadhatu\" from Dharamsala, India, on October 1-4. ", "Actions driven solely by anger are of no use at all; realizing this can help strengthen your determination to resist it.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers condolences to the family of fellow Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai. ", "The nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama's statement on the issue of his reincarnation released on September 24, 2011. ", "If the work is worthwhile, then whether we can complete it or not, it's worth making the attempt. That's why courage is important.", "My number one commitment is to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness.", "The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it.", "In a letter to Sikkim's Chief Minister, HHDL expressed his concern for the devastation caused by the recent earthquake. ", "Spiritual practice brings both long-term happiness and more inner strength day by day.", "Cultivating love advances the wish that living beings deprived of happiness meet with happiness and its causes.", "If you serve others as fully as you can, what you do will be a source of inner joy.", "My message is always the same: to cultivate and practice love, kindness, compassion and tolerance.", "A compassionate motivation is the foundation of spiritual practice, like a seed.", "Peace has much to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others.", "HHDL\u2019s message \u201cAfter Sept. 11, yearning for peaceful co-existence\u201d ", "We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.", "Generate great compassion, and you become a friend to the world.", "Wise people serve others, putting the needs of others above their own. The ultimate result will be that you find more happiness.", "Live: 2nd Global Conference on World's Religions After 9/11 with HHDL's opening remarks from Montreal, Sept 7, 2011. ", "The practice of altruism is the authentic way of living a human life; it is not limited only to the religious.", "Happiness comes through taming the mind; without taming the mind there is no way to be happy.", "When you generate a reasoned desire for others to be happy, your humanity increases in strength.", "The more contact we have with one another and the more we come to understand each other\u2019s values, the greater will be our mutual respect.", "Enemies teach us inner strength, courage and determination.", "Live webcasts: HHDL will teach on \u201cA Guide to the Bodhisattva\u2019s Way of Life\u201d from Dharamsala, India, on Aug 30 - Sep 1 ", "I feel that a sense of compassion is the most precious thing there is.", "The point of our existence is that, as human beings, we live purposeful, meaningful lives.", "Even a small experience of altruism brings a measure of mental peace right away.", "If you focus only on yourself and neglect others, you will lose; but you will gain if you value others as much as you cherish yourself.", "The practice of love can be expressed in one sentence: \u2018Do not harm others\u2019.", "We must work to resolve conflicts in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep others' interests in mind.", "Moral ethics are the basis of world peace.", "We need an inseparable combination of material and internal, or spiritual, progress.", "Love and compassion arising with a clear recognition of the importance and rights of others will reach even those who would do you harm.", "Traditional Tibetan greeting for HHDL by young well-wishers on his arrival at Mount Sal\u00e9ve, France on August 12th. ", "Put this question to yourself: should I use everyone else to attain happiness, or should I help others gain happiness?", "You must not consider tolerance and patience to be signs of weakness. I consider them signs of strength.", "My own experience, and that of others, has shown me the degree to which positive mental attitudes bring happiness to oneself and others.", "Live webcasts of HHDL\u2019s teaching and public talk from Toulouse, France, on August 13-15. ", "A calm and peaceful mind is something very essential.", "The message of love and compassion will travel far and wide if all\nwho follow a spiritual path work together in harmony and mutual respect.", "if we try to secure the well-being of others, we will, at the same time, create the conditions for our own.", "The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.", "Whatever steps, however small, one can take towards learning to reduce the influence of the negative emotions can be very helpful.", "We need to consider how our actions, in affecting the environment, are likely to affect others.", "If we develop a good heart, real appreciation, love and compassion for others, our life will improve.", "Meet hostility and suspicion with kindness. Helping others out of love is always the best option.", "It seems wrong to think kindness is exclusively the business of religion; something to be neglected if one isn\u2019t interested in spirituality.", "The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.", "If you use violence, you may get temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable \u2013 it gives rise to unexpected results", "All good qualities must be sown and cultivated. We can\u2019t expect to change overnight from an ordinary person into one with high realizations.", "To control negative physical and verbal actions, it is necessary to get at their root, the mind, and tame it.", "HHDL is interviewed in Washington DC by Ann Curry for NBC\u2019s Today Show originally broadcast on July 18, 2011. ", "If we find we cannot help others, the least we can do is to desist from harming them.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama meets with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on July 16, 2011. ", "We must generate courage equal to the size of the difficulties we face.", "HHDL presents Cardinal Theodore Edgar McCarrick with a \"souvenir\", a Buddha statue, in Washington DC on July 14th. ", "The very purpose of spiritual practice is to help others.", "Live Webcast: HHDL interviewed by @EbooPatel for \"Bridging the Faith\nDivide\" in Chicago, July 18 at 9:30-11:30am ", "Taking a realistic view and cultivating a proper motivation can also shield you against feelings of fear and anxiety.", "Whether we like it or not, we're all connected, and it is unthinkable to be happy all by oneself.", "Love, compassion and concern for others are real sources of happiness.", "HHDL talks about making the most of each new day in this clip from his 76th birthday celebrations on July 6 ", "HHDL speaks to the press after meeting with congressional leaders on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on July 7th.    ", "HHDL addresses the audience during celebrations in honor of his 76th birthday held in Washington DC on July 6th.   ", "The practice of cultivating altruism has a beneficial effect not only from a religious point of view but also from a mundane point of view.", "We are all part of the human community.", "Live Webcast: HHDL\u2019s 76th Birthday celebrations & short teaching from Washington DC, USA, 9:30am, July 6. ", "Compassion is a deep desire to see others relieved of suffering; love is the other facet, a strong wish to see others happy.", "We all have the right to lead happy lives.", "Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others \u2013 this is the real practice of religion.", "Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster.", "Live Webcast: HHDL's teaching on \"Praise to Dependent Origination\" from Dharamsala, India, June 28-29. ", "Without a sense of equanimity, unbiased love and compassion cannot even get started.", "Today, when we face problems or disagreements, we have to arrive at solutions through dialogue.", "If we want spiritual development, the practice of patience is essential.", "When you have moistened your mind with love, you can begin to meditate on compassion.", "If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly.", "Without inner peace, without inner calm, it is difficult to find lasting peace.", "Everyone can understand from natural experience and common sense that affection is crucial from the day of birth; it is the basis of life.", "HHDL's \"A Talk for World Peace\" at the West Lawn of the US Capitol in Washington DC on July 9 at 9:30am, free admission ", "Non violence is a sign of strength; violence is a sign of desperation and weakness.", "Taking care of our neighbors\u2019 interests is essentially taking care of our own future.", "Wonderful spiritual qualities, such as unbounded love and compassion, are present as potentials in all our minds.", "An open heart is an open mind.", "Friends, genuine friends, have much more to do with whether we have a warm heart, not money or power.", "HHDL's teachings and talks live from Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane & Perth, Australia, June 11-19, 2011 ", "HHDL offers a young patient a ceremonial scarf during his visit to Christchurch Hospital. New Zealand, on June 8.  ", "We have the ability and the responsibility to choose whether our actions follow a virtuous path or not.", "Religion may have become synonymous with deep philosophical issues, but it is love and compassion that lie at the heart of religion.", "HHDL interview on Ideas in Action, originally broadcast on PBS in the USA on June 2, 2011. ", "HHDL greeting the audience at Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Upper Dharamsala, India, on June 4, 2011. ", "By extending our ordinary feelings of love and concern beyond their usual biased limits, love is freed from the restrictions of attachment.", "We should value our enemies because they provide us with unique opportunities to practice patience, tolerance and forbearance.", "HHDL live from TCV, Dharamsala, India - introduction to Buddhism for young Tibetans, June 3-4, 9-11:30amIST ", "When I speak about love and compassion, I don't do so as a Buddhist, or a Tibetan, or as the Dalai Lama, but as one human being to another.", "The most important thing is to have a sense of responsibility, commitment, and concern for each of our fellow human beings.", "The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.", "When we wish to help others and try to do so, our attitude is more positive and relationships become easier.", "Only through kindness and love can peace of mind be achieved.", "The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.", "HHDL greeting players before the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket match in Dharamsala, India, on May 21, 2011.  ", "Kalachakra for World Peace  - HHDL will be in Washington DC, July 6-16 for empowerment, teachings & other events. ", "The aim of spiritual practice is to become the friend of all beings, concerned about them and ready and able to help them.", "HHDL recalls his early childhood in this clip from his talk at the University of Minnesota on May 8, 2011.  ", "We need to think of each other as true brothers and sisters, concerned for each other\u2019s welfare.", "Reliable and genuine discipline comes not from repression, but from an understanding of all the whys and wherefores of our actions.", "Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open.", "In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.", "Rather than working only to acquire wealth, we need to focus on the welfare of humanity as a whole.", "Compassion is a sense of caring, a sense of concern for others' well-being.", "HHDL to lead Newark Peace Summit in Newark, NJ, (USA) May 13-14th 2011. 3 Day conference on power of non-violence. ", "When our intentions are good, we are stronger and have greater self-confidence.", "Watch HHDL live from the University of Arkansas, USA, on May 11 at  9:30am and at 1:30pm CDT. ", "HHDL holds his Doctor of Humane Letters honorary degree presented by Southern Methodist University on May 9, 2011  ", "Watch HHDL's talk \"Secular Ethics, Human Values and Society\" given at USC in Los Angeles on May 3, 2011. ", "A holistic view brings realistic action.", "Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.", "Live: HHDL in Minnesota, USA. Press conference, Tibetan audience and dialogue May 7. Teaching and talk May 8. ", "I think human nature is basically good: though we have jealousy and hatred, our dominant characteristics seem to be affection and kindness.", "The ultimate source of a happy life is the attention we pay to our inner values.", "Live: May 4th HHDL from California - Amnesty International Award at 10am & public talk at UC Irvine at 1:30pm ", "To have true friends and be loved by them, we must in turn feel love and sympathy for others.", "Change in HHDL's schedule in California and will now arrive on May 2nd, we regret inconvenience to all concerned. ", "Live: HHDL from Southern California, USA. Long Beach on May 1st at 2:30pm & UCLA on May 2nd at 10am and 1.30pm. ", "HHDL joins in prayers for victims of last month's earthquake in Japan at Gokokuji Temple in Tokyo, on April 29th.  ", "Better grounded emotionally through patience, we become stronger mentally and spiritually, and tend to be healthier physically.", "Compassion and love are the source of all spiritual qualities: forgiveness, tolerance, all the virtues.", "HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala, India, on April 26th, for victims of the ongoing repression in Tibet.         ", "I am saddened by the passing away of Sri Sathya Sai Baba. I offer my condolences and prayers to all his followers, devotees and admirers.", "From the first day of our life until our last breath, the very foundation of our existence is affection and human warmth.", "Monks in traditional dress with HHDL during a long life ceremony held in Dharamsala, India, on April 22nd, 2011.   ", "Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion whatsoever.", "We must recognize the great capacity we all have within.", "When we develop patience, we find that we develop a reserve of calm and tranquility.", "When we are open to others and ready to show them our friendship and affection, this immediately creates a good environment.", "No matter what our situation, we all share the same aspiration for happiness.", "Appeal by His Holiness the Dalai Lama expressing concern on the situation at Kirti Monastery, Ngaba, northeastern Tibet ", "Human nature is such that the individual is most happy and relaxed when he or she can share happiness and trust with others.", "Live webcast: HHDL's public talk  from Lund, Sweden, on April 16th, 1:45pm (GMT+2Hours). ", "HHDL is greeted with a traditional Tibetan welcome on his arrival at his hotel in Dublin, Ireland, on April 12th.  ", "If we make a steady effort, I think we can overcome any form of negative conditioning and make positive changes in our lives.", "HHDL live from Ireland - April 13 Dublin 9:45am (GMT+1) & Kildare 1:45. April 14 University of Limerick 9:20am. ", "Compassion and love give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive.", "Reflect on the value of inner versus outer wealth; in our world, there is a new awareness of our inner life and its worth.", "HHDL is greeted in traditional manner at the Maharaja Sansar Chand Museum inauguration in Kangra, India on April 6 ", "When patience is combined with the ability to discriminate between the action and the one who does it, forgiveness arises naturally.", "As human beings, we are all the same, there is no need to build some kind of artificial barrier between us.", "HHDL enjoys a moment with one of the youngsters who performed before his address in New Delhi, India on April 2nd. ", "It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible.", "Even without a religious perspective, love and compassion are clearly of fundamental importance to us all.", "Alongside our natural ability to empathize with others, we also have a need for others\u2019 kindness.", "Due to the fundamental interconnectedness that lies at the heart of reality, your interest is also my interest.", "The enhancement of fundamental values is indispensable to our basic quest for happiness.", "HHDL talks about unbiased compassion during a Q&A session with Thai Buddhists in Dharamsala on March 15th. ", "Overcoming negative tendencies and enhancing positive potential are the very essence of the spiritual path.", "Every individual is responsible to help guide our global family in the right direction.", "Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.", "All ethical teachings, whether religious or nonreligious, aim to nurture compassion, to develop it and to perfect it.", "HHDL arriving at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, to give teachings on the \"Jataka Tales\" on March 19 ", "One of the best ways to begin familiarizing ourselves with the virtue of patience is to reflect systematically on its benefits.", "Live: HHDL teaches from the \"Jataka Tales\" (Life Stories of the Buddha) March 19th at 8:00am IndianStandardTime ", "It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives.", "Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others is the ultimate source of success in life.", "As well as restraining ourselves from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.", "Live: HHDL teaches on \"37 Practices of a Bodhisattva\" & \"Middling Stages\" from Dharamsala, India on March 14-15 ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses His Sadness Over the Recent Earthquake and Tsunami in Japan ", "Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day ", "Live from Dharamsala: 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day, March 10, 9am IndianStandardTime ", "Altruism means that we should not be exclusively preoccupied with our own welfare. This does not imply that one should become a martyr!", "It seems essential to me that the major religions come to agree upon the importance of adopting a basic, universal, set of ethics.", "As we develop more love for others, we\u2019ll have more confidence in ourselves; the more courage we have, the more relaxed and serene we\u2019ll be.", "If our spirit is turned towards kindness, the positive side of things, loving our neighbors, this is the best way to solve our problems.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his sadness over the recent earthquake in Christchurch, New Zeland.", "If we want to help humanity in a practical way, we must begin by setting an example of mutual respect, harmony and cooperation.", "Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.", "To promote the idea of nonviolence, we must above all encourage people to foster in themselves an attitude of love and affection for others.", "HHDL with Mumbai University students and staff after his talk \"Ancient Wisdom, Modern Thought\" on February 18th.   ", "Large human movements spring from individual human initiatives.", "We cannot be loving and compassionate unless at the same time we curb our own harmful impulses and desires.", "Our body needs peace of mind and is not suited to agitation. This shows that an appreciation for peace of mind is in our blood.", "Friends and enemies do not exist as such; friendship and enmity depend on many factors, of which the primary one is our own mental attitude.", "In general I think that anger is a sign of weakness and tolerance a sign of strength.", "One may practice religion or not, but so long as we seek happiness and continue to live in society, love and affection are indispensable", "I would like to say that the very root of respect for human rights and nonviolence is love and kindness to others", "While the mind is untamed it can only cause trouble. If anger, greed or arrogance spring up they will take over the situation.", "HHDL reaching out to shake hands with Indian Buddhists at Ganden Monastery in Mundgod, India, February 5th, 2011.  ", "In our daily life, tolerance and patience have great benefits: developing them will allow us to sustain and maintain our presence of mind.", "We can't be useful to ourselves unless we're useful to others.", "The whole purpose of engaging in the practice of patience is to become stronger in mind, stronger in heart.", "It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion should increase in us, we need to make a sustained effort to cultivate them.", "The aim of spiritual and therefore ethical practice is to transform and perfect the individual\u2019s motivation and mental disposition.", "Live Audio Webcast: HHDL's teaching from Drepung Monastery in South India, Feb 1-2, 9-11am IndianStandardTime ", "HHDL watching students debate during their examinations at Rato Monastery in Mundgod, India, on January 31, 2011.  ", "Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts our mind at ease.", "The more we succeed in training our hearts and minds through cultivating spiritual qualities, the better our ability to cope with adversity.", "Live: HHDL's talk Finding Happiness in Troubled Times, Bangalore, India on Jan 30, 2:30-4pm IndianStandardTime ", "When we are motivated by wisdom and compassion, the results of our actions benefit everyone.", "Genuine love should first be directed at oneself \u2013 if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?", "We need a genuine sense of responsibility and a sincere concern for the welfare of others.", "Because our own human existence is so dependent on the help of others our need for love lies at the very foundation of our existence.", "An affectionate disposition not only makes the mind more peaceful and calm, but it affects our body in a positive way too.", "Transcript of the video conference with His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Chinese Activists held on January 4th, 2011. ", "Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony.", "By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.", "With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.", "Photo of HHDL waving to the audience before his teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 15th, 2011.                ", "If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.", "Watch HHDL's talk to westerners attending the teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 13th, 2011. ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers his condolences to those affected by the floods in Brazil. ", "If we develop a good heart, then whether the field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is important these will all improve", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses his Sadness Over the Recent Floods in Queensland, Australia. ", "The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren\u2019t born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others.", "It is my fundamental conviction that compassion constitutes a basic aspect of our nature as well as being the foundation of our happiness.", "Live: HHDL teaches Shantideva\u2019s Guide and Kamalashila\u2019s Middle Stages from Sarnath, India, on Jan 12-16, 2011. ", "We cannot overcome anger and hatred simply by suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate the antidotes: patience and tolerance.", "Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.", "Photo of HHDL taking part in his first video conference with 3 prominent Chinese intellectuals on January 4, 2011. ", "Essay by HHDL \"Countering Stress and Depression\" originally published by Hindustan Times, India, on January 3rd, 2011. ", "I feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others, it brings you inner strength.", "To increase our altruism, we must motivate ourselves to take into consideration the effects of our actions both in the present and future.", "Determination and hope are key factors for a brighter future.", "Awareness of impermanence and appreciation of our human potential will give us a sense of urgency that we must use every precious moment.", "A skillful, balanced approach is helpful for one's physical and emotional health, and it applies to one's spiritual growth as well.", "As I see it, compassion is the essence of a spiritual life.", "Optimism in the Face of Adversity, a clip from HHDL's talk with students in Sikkim, India, on December 21, 2010. ", "If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.", "In order to create a happy century, a peaceful century we must promote the concept of dialogue.", "It is clear that feelings of love, affection, closeness and compassion bring happiness.", "I believe that our underlying or fundamental nature is gentleness, and intelligence is a later development.", "I think that cultivating positive mental states like kindness and compassion definitely leads to better psychological health and happiness.", "Achieving genuine happiness may require bringing about a transformation in your outlook and way of thinking.", "HHDL addresses the Science, Spirituality and Education conference in Sikkim, India on December 20th, 2010. ", "Compassion creates a positive, friendly atmosphere.", "I believe a proper use of our time is to serve others if we can or at least refrain from harming them. That is the basis of my philosophy.", "Within all beings there is a seed of perfection; but compassion is required to activate that seed inherent in our hearts and minds.", "Not only do we inherently possess the potential for compassion but I believe that the basic, underlying nature of human beings is gentleness", "At one level, all major religious traditions have the same aim \u2013 to transform the individual into a positive being.", "HHDL clarifies his statements on retirement during a press meeting in Kalimpong, India, on December 14th, 2010. ", "A spiritual practice is a constant battle within, replacing previous negative conditioning or habituation with new positive conditioning.", "I don\u2019t think human affection and compassion are just religious concerns; they\u2019re indispensable factors in our day-to-day lives.", "If we use favorable circumstances such as good health or wealth to help others, they can be contributory factors to achieving a happier life", "Remember that calmness and compassion are an important part of living a fruitful, positive human life.", "If you make your best effort to be kinder, nurture compassion, make the world a better place, then you can say 'At least I've done my best\u2019.", "Even modern medical researchers have come to the conclusion that peace of mind is vital for good health.", "Once you encourage the thought of compassion in your mind, once it becomes active, then your attitude towards others changes automatically.", "Looking at the pattern of our existence from birth to death, we can see the way in which we are fundamentally nurtured by other's affection.", "I think that ethical behavior is another feature of the kind of inner discipline that leads to a happier existence.", "I look at people from a positive angle, seeking positive aspects. This immediately creates a feeling of affinity, a kind of connectedness.", "Looking at various means of developing compassion, I think empathy is an important factor: the ability to appreciate others' suffering.", "No matter what activity or practice we are pursuing, there isn't anything that isn't made easier through constant familiarity and training.", "We must insist on the observation that my right to happiness carries no more weight than others' similar right.", "The ultimate factor determining whether we have a healthy mind and a healthy body lies within.", "All the major religious traditions carry the message of love, compassion and forgiveness.", "Live Webcast: HHDL teaches on \"37 Practices of a Bodhisattva\" on November 30th, 9-1130am Indian Standard Time. ", "Material development only brings us physical comfort; mental development depends on training the mind.", "Peace of mind is the basis of a healthy body and a healthy mind; so peace of mind, a calm mind, is very, very important.", "A sense of concern for others' well-being brings inner strength and self confidence.", "A calm mind helps our human intelligence to assess the situation realistically.", "We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.", "By developing a sense of concern for others' well-being, then no matter what others' attitudes are, you can keep inner peace.", "Short video clip of HHDL talking about the importance of compassion in New Delhi, India, on November 19th. ", "Certain desires are positive: a desire for happiness; for peace; for a more harmonious and friendlier world.", "Watch HHDL speaking at the Mother Teresa Memorial Award Ceremony in New Delhi, India, on November 18th. ", "The proper use of our intelligence and knowledge is to effect changes from within to develop a good heart.", "True compassion brings with it the dispelling of internal tensions, a state of calmness and serenity.", "We all must seek and work for a world without nuclear weapons.", "Watch HHDL's opening statement at the 11th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates in Hiroshima, Japan,  Nov. 12th ", "Every day, when you get up, you can develop a sincere positive motivation: I will utilize this day in a more positive way.", "Message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the release of Aung San Suu Kyi. ", "I believe that whether a person follows any religion or not is unimportant, he or she must have a good heart, a warm heart.", "As human beings we have intelligence and courage. Provided we use these qualities, we will be able to achieve what we set out to do.", "The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.", "If we have a good heart, a warm heart, warm feelings, we will be happy and satisfied ourselves.", "Photos of HHDL's visit to the ancient Buddhist capital of Nara, Japan, on November 8th, 2010. ", "In human relations, compassion contributes to promoting peace and harmony.", "Photos of HHDL at the Peace Conference for Youth 2010 held in Osaka, Japan, on November 7th. ", "Peace of mind, a calm state of mind, is rooted in affection and compassion.", "Video of HHDL addressing the 6th International Conference of Tibet Support Groups in Haryana, India on Nov. 5th. ", "We need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion; we must use all the events in our daily life to transform out thoughts & behavior.", "If you use violence, you may get some temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable - unexpected results often happen.", "Watch: Developing a Healthy Mind - clip from the dialogue with HHDL on November 2nd, 2010 from Dharamsala. ", "Together with material development, we need spiritual development so that inner peace and social harmony can be experienced.", "I am convinced that everyone can develop a good heart and a sense of universal responsibility with or without religion.", "The efforts we make sincerely to transform ourselves spiritually are what make us genuine practitioners.", "Anger may bring extra energy, but it eclipses the best part of our brain: its rationality. The energy of anger is almost always unreliable.", "Irrespective of doctrinal and other differences, all major world religions are concerned with helping individuals become good human beings.", "Unlike physical progress, which is subject to natural restrictions, the qualities of the mind can be developed limitlessly.", "Watch: CNN's Hala Gorani interviews HHDL during his visit to Florida. Originally broadcast on October 28th, 2010 ", "Living a truly ethical life, putting the needs of others first and providing for their happiness, has tremendous implications for society.", "True compassion is impartial and bears with it a feeling of responsibility for the welfare and happiness of others.", "A compassionate person creates a warm, relaxed atmosphere of welcome and understanding around him.", "Live Webcast: HHDL at University of Miami: The Quest for Happiness in Challenging Times - October 26, 1:30pm EDT ", "Live Webcast: HHDL at Florida International University: The Significance of World Religions - October 26, 9:15am EDT ", "Watch HHDL as guest editor of the Sunday edition of the Toronto Star newspaper published October 24th, 2010. ", "All individuals are equal in that every one of us instinctively seeks happiness and avoids suffering.", "Live: HHDL in Toronto, Mind Training teaching & Long Life Empowerment/Ceremony October 24, 9am-4pm. ", "Compassion belongs to every sphere of activity, including, of course, the workplace.", "By studying others\u2019 viewpoints, it is possible for us to discover new and refreshing perspectives on the world \u2013 including our own life.", "An authentic attitude of compassion doesn't change, even faced with another person's negative behavior.", "Watch: HHDL meet with the press at Emory University on October 17th, 2010. ", "Only the inner protection of patience can keep us from experiencing the turmoil of negative thoughts and emotions.", "According to my own experience, the highest level of inner calm comes from the development of love and compassion.", "When we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on others' well-being, inevitably we end up hurting them.", "HHDL visits Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, on October 17-19. Event and live webcast information at ", "I try to treat every person I meet like an old friend, and that gives me a real sensation of happiness.", "We must cultivate a universal responsibility toward each other and extend it to the planet that we have to share.", "I believe that at all levels of society - family, national, and international - the key to a better, happier world is greater compassion.", "HHDL shakes hands with some students who joined in an interactive session in Palo Alto, California on Oct. 13th.   ", "Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ Conference \"Scientific Explorations of Compassion and Altruism\" Oct 15, 9am-4pm PDT ", "If we reserve ethical conduct for those whom we feel close to, we may neglect our responsibilities toward those outside this circle.", "Live webcast: HHDL at San Jose, California - the Rathbun Lecture, October 14 at 2-3:30pm PDT. ", "Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ. \"The Centrality of Compassion in Human Life and Society\" Oct 14 at 9:30-11am PDT ", "Ultimately, the source of happiness and joyfulness is within ourselves.", "To my way of thinking, the diversity that exists among the various religious traditions is enormously enriching.", "The most important benefit of patience consists in the way it acts as a powerful antidote to the affliction of anger.", "Press Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on Liu Xiaobo being awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize. ", "If you have a sincere and open heart, you naturally feel self-worth and confidence, and there is no need to be fearful of others.", "Developing a sense of universal responsibility helps us to become sensitive to all others, not just those closest to us.", "The quality or purity of any spiritual practice is determined by the individual\u2019s intention and motivation.", "The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm.", "As we all share an identical need for love, it is possible to feel that anyone we meet, in whatever circumstances, is a brother or sister.", "Once our mind is more calm and joyful, then our activities can be more effective.", "Live Webcast from Dharamsala teachings by HHDL, Oct 4-7, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 ", "Lack of contentment sows the seed of envy and aggressive competitiveness and leads to a culture of excessive materialism.", "When we disarm internally by countering negative emotions and cultivating positive qualities, we create conditions for external disarmament.", "Compassion is one of the principal things that make our lives meaningful. It is the source of all lasting happiness and joy.", "Watch HHDL speak about compassion during the Peace Summit held in Vancouver, Canada, on September 30th, 2009. ", "From adversity we can learn the value of patience.", "When tragedy or misfortune comes our way, if we can shift our focus away from self and toward others, we experience a freeing effect.", "The more we are compassionate, the more we provide for our own happiness.", "From the archives: Watch Betty Nguyen of CNN interview HHDL in Florida on February 24th, 2010. ", "Given human beings' love of truth, justice, peace, and freedom, creating a better, more compassionate world is a genuine possibility.", "When we reach beyond the confines of narrow self-interest, our hearts become filled with strength.", "Whatever we do for others, whatever sacrifices we make, it should be voluntary and arise from understanding the benefit of such actions.", "If we change inside and disarm ourselves by dealing constructively with negative thoughts and emotions, we can literally change the world.", "All human endeavor is potentially great and noble - so long as we carry out our work with good motivation.", "Mayor Gabor Demsky of Budapest confers Honorary Citizenship upon HHDL on September 18th, 2010. ", "Perhaps the most significant obstruction to inter-religious harmony is a lack of appreciation of the value of others' faith traditions.", "Inner happiness is not determined by material circumstances or sensual gratification. It depends on our mind.", "It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty.", "Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.", "Cultivating contentment is crucial to maintaining peaceful coexistence.", "Images of HHDL's trip to Ladakh to visit flood damaged areas and join in prayers for the victims on September 13th. ", "Through kindness, affection, honesty, truth and justice toward all others we ensure our own benefit \u2013 this is a matter of common sense.", "Having a good heart and benefiting others are proper attitudes for everyone, whether they are spiritual practitioners or not.", "I believe that our every act has a universal dimension.", "Watch: HHDL talks about the benefits of a calm mind during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on September 8th. ", "Compassion is the foundation of a good heart, the heart of one who acts out of a desire to help others.", "When in our interactions with our neighbors we are open and sincere in everything we say and think and do, people have no need to fear us.", "We each have a role to play: genuine, lasting world peace will only be possible as a result of each of us making an effort internally.", "Live:HHDL teaches Heart Sutra & 37 Practices, Sept 8-10, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 ", "By being inattentive to the needs of others, inevitably we end up harming them.", "Through developing an attitude of responsibility toward others, we can begin to create the kinder, more compassionate world we all dream of.", "Ethical discipline is the indispensable means for mediating between the competing claims of my right to happiness and others' equal right.", "I am encouraged by the clear acknowledgment of the need to seek non-violent resolutions of conflict in a spirit of reconciliation.", "When we are committed to honesty, we help reduce the level of misunderstanding, doubt, and fear throughout society.", "In the modern world, the interests of a particular community can no longer be considered to lie within the confines of its own boundaries.", "To the extent that suffering awakens our empathy and causes us to connect with others, it can serve as the basis of compassion and love.", "Noticing a single shortcoming in ourselves is far more useful than seeing a thousand in someone else. When it is our own: we can correct it.", "It is worth saying over and over that ethical discipline entails more than just restraint. It also entails the cultivation of virtue.", "Live: HHDL teaches the Diamond Sutra August 28-29, 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-3:30pm IndianStandardTime(GMT+5.30) ", "There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings.", "One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others.", "Above all, we should remember that as long as we retain the capacity of concern for others, the potential for transformation remains.", "Watch HDDL meeting with members of the press during his visit to Manali, India, on August 22nd. ", "Unfortunate events, though potentially a source of anger and despair, have equal potential to be a source of spiritual growth.", "If we have no inner peace, we deceive ourselves into thinking that comfort and prosperity will bring happiness.", "Some photos of HHDL's visit to Jispa, a remote region of Himachal Pradesh, India, on August 18-20. ", "You need self-confidence and determination: feeling depressed and losing hope will never really help to correct any situation.", "Genuine friends come only on the basis of warm-heartedness.", "Peace does not come through prayer, we human beings must create peace.", "We find that patience is the best means we have of defending ourselves internally from anger's destructive effects.", "Giving is recognized as a virtue in every major religion and in every civilized society, and it clearly benefits both giver and receiver.", "Watch: HHDL talks about making our lives meaningful during the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. ", "A concerted international effort is needed to think about measures to preserve our common and delicate ecology.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama prays for the loss of life caused by floods in Pakistan, India, and landslides in Drugchu ", "Watch HHDL on secular approach to compassion in a clip from the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. ", "It is worth reminding ourselves that the greatest joy and satisfaction in life come from actions we undertake out of concern for others.", "The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.", "The more we truly desire to benefit others, the more strength and confidence we develop and the deeper the peace and happiness we experience", "Anger, jealousy, impatience, and hatred are the real troublemakers, with them problems cannot be solved.", "Where love of one's neighbor, affection, kindness, and compassion live, we find that ethical conduct is automatic.", "Live: HHDL in dialogue with Delhi University students August 9-10 (9:30am & 1:30pm IndianStandardTime - GMT+5.30). ", "Through love, kindness and compassion we establish understanding between ourselves and others; this is how we forge unity and harmony.", "Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health.", "When we begin to develop a genuine appreciation of the value of compassion, our outlook on others begins automatically to change.", "Compassion and love are not a luxury. As the source both of inner and external peace, they are fundamental to the survival of our species.", "Human beings are social creatures, and a concern for each other is the very basis of our life together.", "What we find is that the more we develop concern for others' well-being, the easier it becomes to act in others' interests.", "The more we expand our focus to include others' interests alongside our own, the more securely we build the foundations of our own happiness", "The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.", "If you have strong compassion, strong respect for others, then forgiveness is much easier.", "We can\u2019t overcome anger and hatred by simply suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate their antidotes - patience and tolerance.", "Universal concern is essential in solving global problems.", "Without an altruistic motivation, scientists cannot distinguish between beneficial technologies and the merely expedient.", "I sometimes say that religion is something we can perhaps do without. What we cannot do without are the basic spiritual qualities.", "I want to show that there are indeed some universal ethical principles which could help everyone to achieve the happiness we all aspire to.", "The real source of inner joy is to remain truthful and honest.", "We do not need to reflect too long before we realize that all beings spontaneously look for happiness and try to avoid suffering.", "Watch video of Time Magazine's interview \"Ten Questions for the Dalai Lama\" originally published in June 2010. ", "We do not follow ethical conduct because it is right in itself but because all others desire to be happy and avoid suffering, just like us.", "A society in which material development co-exists with spiritual progress is one where true happiness is really possible.", "The huge gap between rich and poor, globally and within nations, is not only morally wrong; it is also a source of practical problems.", "Wherever I go, I always give the advice to be altruistic and kind to others.", "Despite philosophical differences, all major world religions have the same potential to create good human beings.", "Let us cultivate love and compassion, both of which give true meaning to life.", "HHDL talks about solving conflicts through dialogue at the University of Washington in Seattle on 14 April 2008. ", "We need to try and solve problems in a spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood, in a spirit of reconciliation and compromise.", "If we continue to approach problems from the perspective of temporary expediency, future generations will face tremendous difficulties.", "Warm heartedness is the key factor for a happy family, happy community.", "A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others.", "Real inner peace and inner satisfaction ultimately depends on our mental attitude.", "Watch HHDL interview by Barkha Dutt of NDTV at his residence in Dharamsala, originally broadcast on July 6th. ", "Non-violence is a sign of strength, self-confidence and truth.", "Watch HHDL's 75th birthday celebrations from Dharamsala. Speeches (in Tibetan) as well as cultural performances. ", "Some photos of HHDL attending ceremonies held in Dharamsala, India, to celebrate his 75th birthday on July 6th. ", "Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.", "As well as refraining from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.", "Watch HHDL's 75th birthday ceremonies live from Dharamsala on July 6th at 9am Indian Standard Time (GMT+5.30). ", "In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.", "The practicing of loving kindness toward one's enemy is the ultimate test of one's own spiritual attainment.", "If we develop concern for other people's welfare, share other people's suffering, and help them, ultimately we will benefit.", "HHDL talks about our common humanity in a short clip from his talk to students in Yokohama, Japan, on June 24th. ", "I think it is very important to know we can each transform ourselves into a better, happier person. I think it\u2019s important to recognize this", "True compassion is not just an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason.", "The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.", "Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.", "A universal approach to world problems is the only sound basis for peace.", "Practicing altruism is the real source of compromise and cooperation; merely recognizing our need for harmony is not enough.", "HHDL greeting students at Setagaya Gakkuen School in Yokohama, Japan, where he gave a talk on June 25th. ", "A mind committed to compassion is like an overflowing reservoir - a constant source of energy, determination and kindness.", "Watch HHDL's talk given on June 24th to university students in Yokohama about his hope for the 21st century. ", "Harmony among the major faiths has become an essential ingredient of peaceful coexistence in our world.", "The practice of compassion is the most effective way to pursue the best interests of others as well as our own", "Compassion instills a sense of calm, inner strength, and a deep confidence and satisfaction.", "Some photos of HHDL's final day of his three day visit  to Nagano, Japan, on June 21st. ", "Moral ethics are not a matter of religion alone, a secular approach needs to given, so that they become more universal.", "Watch HHDL talk on promoting secular ethics to a group of Japanese Buddhists on June 20th. ", "Some photos of the second day of HHDL's visit to Nagano, Japan, on June 20th. ", "Love and compassion are the pillars of world peace.", "Watch HHDL's press meeting at Zenkoji Temple on June 19th (English with Japanese translation). ", "Some photos of HHDL's visit to Zenkoji Temple in Nagano, Japan on June 19th. ", "A sense of contentment is a key factor for attaining happiness.", "It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.", "HHDL arrived in Japan today. Some photos of his arrival at ", "For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities \u2013 warmth, kindness, and compassion.", "When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment.", "Always embrace the common humanity that lies at the heart of us all.", "Photos: Indo-Tibetan Friendship Society celebrates the 50th year of the arrival of HHDL and the Tibetans to Mcleod Ganj ", "HHDL leaves for Japan tomorrow. Teaching and talk in Yokohama June 26th and full schedule at ", "Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.", "The potential for altruistic action lies in all of us, and it is possible on a daily basis for anyone.", "Because of the profoundly interconnected reality of today\u2019s world, we need to relate to the challenges we face as a single human family", "The more you nurture a feeling of loving-kindness, the happier and calmer you will be.", "The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion - it brings one back to the basis of one's inner strength", "Promotion of understanding among the world's religions is one of the most serious and important tasks facing the world today.", "Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.", "Compassion and love are qualities that are of tremendous importance for the individual, society, and the community at large.", "Photos of HHDL's visit to the remote Himalayan region of Paddar in Jammu & Kashmir, India, on June 5th, 2010. ", "More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.", "I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.", "The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.", "From my own experience I can tell you that when I practice altruism and care for others, it immediately makes me calmer and more secure.", "The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.", "Some photos of HHDL's teachings at TCV in Dharamsala on 1st and 2nd June. ", "When we act under the influence of negative thoughts and emotions, we become oblivious to the impact our actions have on others.", "My aim has been to appeal for an approach to ethics based on universal rather than religious principles.", "Live: Introductory teachings on Buddhism by HHDL at TCV June 1 and 2 at 9:00am Indian Standard Time (GMT+5.30) ", "We need to develop a sense of equanimity towards all living beings, expressed through the ability to relate to all others equally.", "The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater our own sense of well being becomes.", "Finding common ground among faiths can help us bridge needless divides at a time when unified action is more crucial than ever.", "When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of shyness or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced.", "New York Times Op Ed \"Many Faiths, One Truth\" by HHDL published May 25th, 2010. ", "If we are truly concerned about the environment, we must think not only for this generation, but for future generations as well.", "We find that when we act out of concern for others, the peace this creates in our own hearts brings peace to everyone we associate with.", "If we adopt a conscious discipline we can weaken a negative emotion, such as anger, by encouraging its antidote, love and compassion.", "English translation of HHDL's interview with Wang Lixiong that was posted on Lixiong's Twitter page May 21st. ", "Live: HHDL will address the Bridge Conference in New York on May 23 from 10:30am EDT (8pm India) ", "People who are compassionate, loving, patient, tolerant and forgiving recognize their impact on others and order their conduct accordingly.", "Here are some photos of HHDL during his teachings at Radio City Music Hall in New York from May 20th-22nd. ", "A secular person can be spiritual: compassion is for everyone to practice.", "Live: HHDL addresses the Tibetan community in New York, May 22nd, starting at 8:00am EDT (5:30pm India, 8:00pm Tibet) ", "Meeting so many people from all over the world and from every walk of life constantly reminds me of our basic sameness as human beings.", "Watch Ann Curry's interview of HHDL on NBC's The Today Show broadcast May 20th, 2010. ", "My message is the practice of compassion, love and kindness. Great compassion is the root of all forms of worship.", "The increasing recognition that we cannot continue to mistreat our natural environment without serious consequences is a cause for hope.", "A revolution is called for, but not a political, economic or even technical revolution. What I propose is a spiritual revolution.", "Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Madison, Wisconsin, USA from May 15th-17th. ", "When we can recognize and forgive ignorant actions of the past, we gain the strength to constructively solve the problems of the present.", "Freedom is the very source of creativity for both individuals and society.", "Live: HHDL talks with neuroscientist Prof R Davidson on Investigating Healthy Minds in Madison on May 16th, 2:15 CDT ", "Science and the law can both help us forecast the consequences of our actions, but neither can tell us how we ought to act in a moral sense.", "If you have love and compassion towards all living beings, particularly toward your enemy, that is true love and compassion.", "For mental peace,  one of the most important factors is compassion and affection, a sense of caring.", "Here are some photos of HHDL in Bloomington, Indiana, USA, on May 11th and 12th ", "In the biggest sense, environmental education means learning to maintain a balanced way of life.", "For Japanese Twitter fans, HHDL will be in Japan from June 18-28. Public event schedule at ", "Since we all belong to this world, we must try to adopt a good attitude worldwide, a good feeling for our fellow brothers and sisters.", "Without love, our society is in a very difficult state; in the future, we will face tremendous problems. Love is the center of human life.", "It is important to understand that between you and others, others are more important because they are far more numerous.", "If you wonder what you were doing in the past, look at your body; to know what will happen to you in the future, look at your mind.", "Human happiness and satisfaction come from within oneself; it is wrong to expect some final satisfaction from money or a computer.", "In two hours, live webcast of HHDL and Richard Moore talking to students about forgiveness - 9am IST (GMT+5.30). ", "You can develop patience and change your attitudes with continuous practice - the human mind has such potential.", "Today: live webcast of HHDL leading prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims in one hour at 7:30am IST (GMT+5.30). ", "In our daily life, affection and compassion are indispensable.", "The purpose of religion is not to build beautiful temples but to cultivate positive human qualities such as tolerance, generosity and love.", "As idealistic as it may sound, altruism, not just competition and the desire for wealth, should be a driving force in business.", "No amount of legislation or coercion can accomplish the well-being of society, as it depends on the inner attitude of its members.", "HHDL talks about the importance of women in promoting peace through dialogue at the Dharamsala Lions Club, April 29th. ", "True compassion isn\u2019t an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason: it won\u2019t change if others behave negatively.", "The practice of non-violence suits us all, it only calls for determination. If it succeeds, it can open the way to a far more peaceful world", "Determination, courage, self-confidence are keys to success. In all circumstances, we should remain humble, modest and without pride.", "HHDL will lead prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims. Live webcast April 27th at 1:00pm IST (GMT+5.30). ", "Live webcast of Long Life Prayer for HHDL April 27th at 8:30am IST (GMT+5.30). ", "One aspect of compassion is respect for others\u2019 rights and views - it is the basis of reconciliation.", "Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.", "Every world religion, whatever its philosophical view, is founded on the precept that we must reduce our selfishness and serve others.", "In our human life, tolerance is very important, it helps you overcome difficulties. Without it, tiny things irritate you and you overreact.", "To be aware of a single shortcoming within oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.", "The practice of non-violence is still rather experimental on our planet, but its pursuit, based on love and understanding, is sacred.", " - HHDL answers the question from IPL cricketer Yuvraj Singh, \"What's your favorite sport?\" on April 17th, 2010.", "Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama is eager to visit the earthquake affected area. ", "Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring us the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.", "HHDL traveled to Delhi today to deliver the 3rd Annual Mother Teresa Memorial Lecture at Indira Gandhi National Open University.", "Whenever there is a challenge, there is also an opportunity to face it, to demonstrate and develop our will and determination.", "The need for love lies at the very basis of human existence. It results from the profound interdependence we all share with one another.", "We pray for those who have lost their lives, the injured and their families in the earthquake that struck Kyigudo (Chinese-Yushu) today.", "Economic inequality, especially that between developed and developing nations, remains the greatest source of suffering on this planet.", "Striving gradually to be more compassionate is to develop genuine sympathy for others\u2019 suffering and the will to help remove their pain.", "HHDL offers his condolences to the people of Poland for the loss of President Kaczynski and all the others who died in the tragic air crash.", "With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.", "Over 8,000 People Gathered at the Heart of Zurich City to Express Solidarity with Tibet ", "How to bring a smile to peoples\u2019 faces? If you remain stony and suspicious \u2026 very difficult! Genuine smiles only come from compassion.", "Photos of HHDL's visit to Zurich from April 7-12 are being posted everyday at  Today photos from April 9th.", "The Mind and Life XX Conference Starts in Zurich ", "Some photos of HHDL's second day in Zurich (April 8th). ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Thanks Switzerland ", "Compassion and love are precious things in life.  They are not complicated: they are simple, but difficult to practice.", "Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Slovenia from April 5th to 7th. ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Completes a Successful Visit to Slovenia and Arrives in Zurich ", "Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear realization or recognition of our shared human status.", "Future is Uncertain But We Remain With Hope Said His Holiness the Dalai Lama ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrives in Slovenia ", "I\u2019m optimistic, the future is open: peace, reconciliation, compassion, the environment \u2013 we have better awareness of these realities.", "Today HHDL gives a public talk on Ethics for the New Millennium organized by the University of Maribor, in Maribor, Slovenia", "HHDL arrived in Slovenia today for a three day visit.", "Images of HHDL's visit to Rishikesh & Haridwar on 3rd and 4th of April 2010 ", "The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.", "With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.", "Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us tame our mental state, overcome our negativities and perfect our inner potential.", "Today, HHDL took part in a ceremony to mark the launch of an encyclopedia on Hinduism in Haridwar, India.", "HHDL is in Rishikesh, India, today to participate in activities associated with his commitment to promote religious harmony.", "Only the practice of tolerance and patience can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred.", "There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.", "In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.", "The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, and the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.", "The essence of all spiritual life is your emotion, your attitude to others. Once you have pure and selfless motivation, all the rest follows", "Video of HHDL speaking in New Delhi on March 21st at the final event of the Thank You India program. ", "Inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness, and anger cannot coexist without undermining one another.", "One of the best human qualities is our intelligence, which enables us to judge what is beneficial and what is harmful.", "Even a small act of compassion grants meaning and purpose to our lives.", "Photos of HDDL at the concluding event in New Delhi on March 21st of the year long \"Thank You India\" celebrations. ", "It is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.", "Random images of HHDL's teaching at Ashok Hotel in New Delhi from 19-21 March 2010", "Some photos of HHDL's visit to Vivekananda foundation in New Delhi on March 20th, 2010", "A true friendship develops on the basis of genuine human affection, not money or power.", "With money you can't buy wisdom, you can't buy inner peace. Wisdom and inner peace must be created by yourself.", "Webcast of HHDL's keynote address \"Human Rights Through Universal Responsibility\" in Bhopal, India on March 17th ", "Freedom Must for Human Creativity ", "The right to freedom is pivotal for the progress of any society. And for this, there should be a sense of global responsibility.", "Photos of HHDL's visit to Bhopal, India, yesterday, March 17th. ", "General standards of human rights apply to all countries because all humans share an inherent yearning for freedom, equality and dignity.", "HHDL left Dharamsala today for Bhopal, India where he will speak on human rights and universal responsibility tomorrow at the State Assembly", "Photos taken today at HHDL's residence during the Bhikshu ordination ceremony. ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Bestows Ordination Vows ", "There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.", "New from our archive, CNN's Richard Quest interviews HHDL at his residence in Dharamsala on 28 January 2006. ", "If you have a sense of caring for others, you will manifest a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.", "To meet the challenge of this century, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility.", "Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these feelings, society will face tremendous difficulties.", "Photos taken today of the ceremony commemorating the 51st anniversary of the Tibetan Uprising in Dharamsala. ", "Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 51st Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day ", "Video clip of HHDL speaking to some Vietnamese Buddhists last Sunday on peace of mind from a Buddhist perspective. ", "There will be a live webcast of the ceremony on 10th March at 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05). ", "Tomorrow, 10 March, there will be a ceremony in Dharamsala and HHDL will give a statement (English text will be available).", "The uprising resulted in a violent crackdown in Tibet and the Dalai Lama's escape into exile in India.", "March 10th is the 51st anniversary of Tibetan Uprising Day, commemorating the 1959 Tibetan uprising in Lhasa against the Chinese in Tibet.", "Here are some photos of HHDL during his escape into exile in March 1959.", "I believe that, fundamentally, human nature is positive, gentle; therefore, the non-violent way is the human way.", "Here are some photos of HHDL's special teachings taking place now in Dharamsala. ", "Video of HHDL in conversation with Dave Matthews and Ann Curry in 2008 at the Seeds of Compassion event in Seattle ", "Compassion should be unbiased and based on the recognition that others have the right to happiness, just like yourself.", "Webcast: Long Life Offering to His Holiness the Dalai Lama ", "The Dalai Lama appears on Twitter \u2014 and \u2018tweets for a better world\u2019 ", "Tibetan Administration Offers Long-Life Puja for HH the Dalai Lama ", "Photos: Long Life Prayer Offering 2010 ", "Update: Live webcast of Long Life Offering to His Holiness now scheduled for approx 8.am IndianStandardTime (2 March). ", "His Holiness Sends His Condolences to the People of Chile ", "Live webcast of Long Life Offering to His Holiness, 2 March, approx. 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05:30) ", "Webcast: Life Stories of the Buddha ", "Photos: Jataka Tales Teaching ", "Update: Live Webcast of His Holiness's teachings 28 Feb 2010 will start approximately at 8:00am. ", "Photos: His Holiness Returns to Dharamsala ", "Live webcast of His Holiness's teaching on the Life Stories of the Buddha, 28 Feb 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05:30) ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Florida - 24 February 2010 ", "Photos: His Holiness in Florida 2010 Images updated ", "Webcast: His Holiness Meets with South Florida Media ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Florida - 23 February 2010 ", "Photos: His Holiness in Florida 2010 ", "Dalai Lama Addresses Students in Broward ", "Dalai Lama Uurges U.S. to Spread Democracy in NSU Speech ", "Webcast: Interview with Larry King of CNN ", "Dalai Lama Says Loves China Despite 'Suppression' ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama Honored with NED Democracy Service Medal. Video Link ", "Link to a clip from Larry King's Interview ", "Photos: Visit to Los Angeles 2010 ", "Webcast: Opening Address at Mind and Life XIX - Educating World Citizens. ", "Photos: Democracy Service Medal 2010 ", "Webcast: His Holiness the Dalai Lama's Tibetan New Year Message ", "His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Los Angeles - 21 February 2010 "]