grandmma, i would like to file a complaint against the soda you keep in the back of your fridge. it is flat and expired, like my dick .
my follower count decreases when i use these words: dick, cum, ass, turds. it goes up when i use these: brand, multimedia, sports, pepsicola
the james bond 007 ez board will not let me change my user handle to WHITE_LIFTER, even though it contains no swears. i am in crisis mode
looking forward to getting in some #YardWork today!! *trims 200 square feet of lawn with a riding mower and collapses like a sack of shit*
Beliveve it or not, some people would rather play in a Ball pit, than play in an Orchestra pit, and thats why society has crapped on it self
Im so pissed off im going to throw up
wait i fucked that up.  its suppose to be "good cheers to my friends, and this Year - best luck and thank you" and then i raise my botle
sick of our media's unrealistic portrayal of Boomerangs , which are weak as shit in real life
book completed and coming soon,.. once i figure out how im gonna publish it ill have a release date for you all. Thank you  . 
what the fuck is Salt life please
if death regulation affects my god-given ability to put holes in garbage and animals really loudly i will kiss the toilet 1000 times and die
survey - please tell me which one is "Most good": &gt;Perfect meadows in every direction &gt;A Man wheezing into the toilet &gt;Bobs BigBoy PattyMelt
woah . the movie theaters are handing out pendants which glow whenever James BOnd gets laid during the movie #Good #ImmersionTech
ME: mr cruise..im also a celeb. i invented the phrase "Barney sucks" TOM: wow... that phrase is so good, i must use it at least once per day
petition to make cvs stop forcing their pharmacists to wear shirts
it saves me so much time , to get my knowledge and opinions of politics  from the same guy who sells me eyedrops that make my dick bigger
pigmail will replace email in 2010
each 'Ridge' in your crinkle-cut potato chip costs 4 gallons of precious slave blood to create and adds a satisfying "Cruntch" to every bite
as someone who receives the middle finger daily, i have the authority to state that using both hands is superfluous and absurd. doesn't help
you know society is ASS-FUCKED when people spend more time wiritng "Tweets", than bibles
can anyone tell me if this is good or not. if this sort of thing is frowned upon i will stop immediately 
2020 is all about the Mentality lifestyle
shutting computer down until the shitty moods &amp; attitudes can fuck off., if you need me ill be on my other computer, sititng 60° to my right
so apparently if you take all of the autism awareness puzzle piece car decals and put them together you get a cool pic of yoshi as a girl
i gotta say it folks. breast milk tastes like SHIT., "Sorry ladies"
my favorite combo, you ask? i'll not say to you.
i changed my mind. fuck cash for moms online. fuck it all. its nonsense that moms are given allthis good cash while I make $0.003 per tweet
sorry i ruined Fucking talk like a pirate day by speaking at length upon my terrible mustard allergy which has caused countless pain of me.
TO AVOID SCARING OR OFFENDING CHILDREN WE'VE TAKEN ANNE FRANK'S DIARY AND REPLACED EVERY INSTANCE OF THE WORD "NAZI" WITH "POLICE MAN"
maybe one of my followers could donate a tonsil or something so i can finally upgrade my dick
breaking down mentally because im all out of toiolet paper and i cannot decide which wendys coupon to wipe my ass with
THE SUN THE MOON AND THE STARS ARE ALL TOO SMUG FOR MY LIKING
"calling out" magnetGirl77 for telling me that my dick looks like "a piece of fried calamari"
#RockCenterXMAS a holiday Salute, to all the guys who died while putting bulbs in that big ass tree, whose bodies just got left up there
[apps help us day to day in our lifes... but some men have twisted the apps to fulfill their oqwn selfish desires. beware these 'dark apps']
You Won't Believe How Many Legs That Spiders Have
founnd a cicada skin stuck to my nefarious pud
im afraid i must say that i do not find the mysteries featured on "scooby-doo" challenging enough .
75% of the tweets on here are complete PishPosh. 20% is Networking and Implementation. the last 5%? Pure Content.  #TheSaturdayMorningRamble
nothing will ever be the same again #wikileaks 
Im Sucking Myself Off Right Now And I Hate It #Dateline
friendly reminder that if you do not heed enough of the friendly reminders on your timeline, you may sever 1 finger as penance
open letter, to the man who told me that they should make an app for "Shutting the fuck up" during my town hall web development conference ;
howling james dean lookalikes circling their choppers around me, swinging chains while i sit in the gravel and borwse the nintendo 3ds eshop
i for one will be taking the high road by reserving judgement for the really good grumpy cat movie until ive seen it and bought the blueray.
get one of those bill gates tubes that turns piss to water, load a big fat backpack with treats, cut the cord, pull the plug, fuck the grid,
boss waiting patiently for me to finish doing steroids and throwing up into a plastic bucket before handing me some shit he wants me to fax
Does anyone know how important is this. 
ah folks i do delcare i am a dumb ass southern gentle man who wouldnt know a re tweet from a ragdoll in this court room to-day
please remember to click on the things i post here to see how many favs they got and to sneak a peek at the buzz that they are generating.
caught my son running a google search for " shit stain pussy ". i am beyond distraught.  we are strictly a Bing family
why turn myself in to the police.. when I can turn myself into the police 
im laughing at this really good ad   
(witnessing the flaming wreckage of a 6-car pile up) ah. Respect. More power
isnt it wild that every time i look at pictures of hell i say that it looks like some cool shit, and that i would go there instead of heaven
"for those who like gifts" you absolutely need to check this shit out, they are a year old but still pretty good 
im sorry but, when you people reply to my posts with things like "Fuck you" and "Fuck  your Account" it makes me look like a real dumb ass
NYT: retired Geologist from indiana proposes one Simple fact which will flip every thing you thought you knew about "THE N-WORD" on its head
badboy Michael Jackson Rip 1958-2009 "Deth"  #dead #iranelection #michaeljackson
when people ask me who my favorite comedian is.. i invoke that wacked weatherman "AL GURE" and get one million dollars worth of retweets
so, noobs, any last words beofre i officially change my first and last name to "Logen" and drive my car off a cliff?  I though so.
mother teresa Aint No Saint, put the green arrows,there, click the heart too
"if youu die in hell you die in real life" - demon philosopher matthew
do not "Like brigade" me
closing off this childrens' playground until i am done filming parkour montage which i will use as psychological warfare against my landlord
my opponent's eccentricities are well known. hes probably the one who drank bird bath. he is on record as calling birdbath water "bird juice
let's talk about planes now. the pilots are flying them up too damn high. it's dangerous. I don't like it. got to make them lower
FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD THAT HE KILLED IT THEN KILLED HIMSELF
there are rifts in the Frankenstein community regarding whether or not igor was tasked with jacking the monster off to keep it docile
*glances towards framed calligraphy print on wall which reads "NASCAR First" and nods goodly. *
my turds are nobodys problem but my own. and theyre boring
going to the bathroom "On Principle"
utterly romanced by the gum that my favorite marketing teen is just strategically shilling to mint dejection #DeathArt
someobdy on here just sent "the cup of stfu" to isis and all of the mainstream media outlets are refusing to report it
every animal in my house is dying for some reason and i can't handle bullshit right now
i lose about 6,000 followers eveory time i make one of my humiliating tweets. the cost of business
Downlioading 6 Terabytes Of Info On Deal's
soryr guys.  the boss just yanked my privacy tarp off and all further content is on hold until i can retrieve it
yu fucking idiot i wanted to make a sniper rifle out of those toilet paper tubes and now that theyve touched the trash theyre no good to me
if iyou come on here talking to me about your penis, or saying unreasonable things about my penis, your account will be "Knocked down"
thinking i can help girls bycruising around town selling tampons and pads out of my ford Fusion for cost of product + gas money
ME: please show me the posts in the order that they were made COMPUTER: thats too hard. heres some tweets i think are good. Do you like this
please put the king of skeletons back underneath his parkig lot before he starts yellin . disrespectful fucking rat people mother fuckers
the doctor reveals my blood pressure is 420 over 69. i hoot &amp; holler outta the building while a bunch of losers try to tell me that im dying
if youve never written posts before, then shut the fuck up
(sniffing a crumpled up one dollar bill i found on the floor of a dog kennel) ah.. thats greenbacks baby
im so insanely hyperintelligent from spending 14hrs a day absorbing Twitter knowledge that im no longer amused by nmovies about 3d animals
contgratulation  for posting 10000 videos of you smokin a pipe you fucking idiot waste
being a dumb ass is bad enough, but being a dumb ass, in 2020???  You fucked up big time
you cant like dms dick head 
im delighted to see that people are waking up to the fact that Masturbation is fraud, and turns all of the T in your body into germs
Mentioning the woefully fated thursday nite rant feature to me constitutes harassment. Let's keep the trash out. I am a real journalist now.
becoming incrediblly Spiritual on the computer... holy fuck...
peeking into police station window, watching the cops Fuck each other. duane eddy's "Rebel Rouser" is playing and im nodding my head in tune
inbox full of people apologizing to me for their tweets. "Im Sorry Sir" "Ill Do Better Sir" i blow a shitload of cigar smoke onto the screen
i pour my Blood into my tweets, and seeing all these random 4chan reddit Monkey Cheese tumblr teens get more favs than me is the great 9/11,
david kock death hitting especially hard because of baby bird brain derangement that makes me think every rich person i see on tv is my Mom
which one of you Fags know how to extract birdshot from a chest wound #geocachingmishaps
YES !! YES ! PULLOVER 
i will block those who shit on the Bones of Mr. GHWB, euthanized with a lethal dose of Heroin after 94 years of service "As was his request"
i've had just gotten word that the $30 arrangement of Chef's Breads i had ordered to my home has been intercepted by trolls
DontWantNoBullShit.  DontWantNoBullShit
Out Here Ginding
fucking CHRIst. this dipshit clerk at hollister has been rtrying to run my denim credit card thru the reader for like 10 mins. go to College
just got my new jeans in the mail and the trolls are sweatting like a bird at the kfc factory
 the hommers
sometimes i wonder what this place would be like if i wasnt around to call bull shit on all the jokers... probably the 9/11 crater but worse
basically i got David (@DavidSpade) over here-- just laughin at all the Virgins that are mad about our bold new definition of Christianity
million dollar idea: Dog door that is big enough for humans Billion dollar idea: Dog door that says "Hello" when something passes through it
can you please alter this "PROPERTY OF THE ZOO" tattoo on my back into maybe like a naked gypsy chick
friday night gathering up together a big pile of things i like to respect (flags, crucifixes ,etc) and just roll around in it ,give kisses,
ONCE A MARINE, ALWAYS A MARINE. Celebrate and salute America’s 911 Force in the MONOPOLY: U.S. Marines Edition.
once a year on every forum some guy posts a thread called like "Im done with wiping my ass" and all the people who get mad at him are banned
SO I WAS SAYING, IF IT'S ACCEPTABLE TO BAPTIZE HUMAN INFANTS, WHY NOT JEANS
guy who says "Thank you" to the other passengers in his shared Lyft ride when they arrive at their destination ansd get out of the car
No results found for "3d farting ass"
where can i get one of those giant inflatable rats that construction workers keep putting up on the side of the road. i need it for my grave
The b est shit I ever did was shatter all the windows in a room just by doing a perfect somersault
six years ago today george washington carver invented a penut #MyBlackHistory #YourBlackHistory
just occurred to me that i dont have to report to my followers everytime i accidentslly drop food on my dick. my posts should get better now
the words "yugioh angel" reverse burned into my flesh after attempting to pose shirtless on the hood of my modified car during a heat wave
but my teeth are sparkling clean
everyone who says my dick looks like a marshmallow has obviously never seen one before. do marshmallows have urethras in them, or balls?? no
dont know why they deleted this 
to the countless many Whom have plagiarized my hard work by using the retweet button "Thou art a Coward" !! i will beat your ass at the mall
"durr lets leberage each others brands" "dahh okay" ((the two men rub their asses together while licking the screens of their web tablets)
there is no recovering from this fiasco.  the thursday nite rant, as we know it, is dead.
posts: "the best stuff is in here"
 philosopher Gottfried Leibniz theorized that ours is the best of all possible worlds. and im inclined to agre
for hte last time im not badfrog3333 im this guy 
Rather tiresome that people wiould rather Threadshit my mentions than say, enjoy a whimsical boating tour through the fair canals of Venice.
detective sherlock holmes examines my crass pud with a magnifying glass and calls it a piece of shit
"And th mark...theyst fhall beckon..bearers of the Mask.. doth verily, andth post really good shit, online" nostradamus predicting Anonymous
a boss should be allowed to kick his employees asse's. key to his workers house so he can just come in and start wailing anytime #bottomword
about 85% of the people online are just absolute criminals and i can get dominated by them perfectly from the convenience of my shitty modem
YOUTUBE VID "GRANDMA FUCKS UP" FINALLY HAS 1,000 VIEWS.  TIME TO ROLL OUT THE "GRANDMA FUCKS UP" MERCH AND QUIT MY JOB AS A TOWEL INSPECTOR
the idea that people are still masturbating in 2014 is insanne, and utterly, asinine
(poking head up from self suck) augh this tastes like dog shit (goes back for more)
sponsors are telling me not to post them. but idont give a fuck. im sick of being pushed around. this is my account &amp; thats the bottom word
sorry bartender. if i order the wrong beer the trolls will have a field day. lets play it safe. fiji water for me, with a Hint of pepsi
guys in a pizzeria fighting and busting the little parmesan shakers against the table to shiv each other with
ive been known to look at 2, even 3 emails , at the same damn time
im about to get my piss tested for steroids. if they find steroids in there then ill start drinking it instead of going to the steroid store
 i wa nt to drown in this
when I dropped out of middle school I went home&amp; watched korean flash animation "i love egg" like 28 times with tears streaming down my face
For your Friday Enjoyment; A "Shit List" of folks I've banned from my Radio Shack: Monica Louinsky, The Honey Boo Boo, Octo Mom, &amp; "Snooki".
 end racisn.  black power
looking to "Max Out" my ball's
investing like $30000 in Nike because i think people are buying a lot of shoes lately and i dont feel like looki ng up any other stock names
heads up hotshot. gonna drop two fuckin cents on this fuckin itunes. yeah you gotta be a fuckin nasa astronaut to use this shit. yea alright
"EroticLloyd", aka "Puerto_Neko", aka "RicanMudBoss", aka "LloydGunge", akA "GunkAndCatBoi", aka "Puerto_Gunger", aka "Aiden's Cool Uncle"
a lot of people tripping over themselves trying to Speak on my ass. just an observation ive noticed
Jailed Man Jumps Head First Into Toilet --   by InsaneOuttakes -- 110,973 views #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF #TGIF
starting to think maybe that it kicked ass when that guy siad "show me the money" in that movie i never watched
hardcore becoming that guy who thinks the covid virus will be "not good," overall, but on the bright side it might inexplicably end racism
great tweetie bird quote 
i sense that my Zwinky knows when i'm feeling upset. is it possible that Zwinkys operate on a higher level of consciousness than humans? yes
once agAin going "Ape" over controversial Classic rock opinions at the super market while my asain gf pushes me around in a shopping cart
the fool tries to make one million dollars.... but the wise man knows that its much easier to make $0.000001 dollars one trillion times
im taking back thw word "Penis" because boys are being out here doing it for them self
the ye.ar  is 2009 AD.  world government has passed the G.R.E.E.D ACt, banning ownership of CD-ROM. hyperlinks have repleaced the dollar .
do not strain the ass. the best way to take a shit is to electrocute yourself and let it all shoot out naturally. never strain the ass.
thank you for liking the "Real men of genius" beer commercials. Were bringing them back in an attempt to suppress the 2nd American Civil War
in a world where big data threatens to commodify our lives,. telling online surveys that i "Dont know" what pringles are constitutes Heroism
chiropracty is real and it works on swords also.
establishment cocksuckers wiping their a$$es every time they shit, while the windbag toilet paper lobbyist crooks roll around in blood money
sonic team has j ust dropped support for wikileaks.  unbelievable. *spikes sega dreamcast itno the ocean, catalyzing a deadly tsunami*
i dont know if i'm wearing it wrong or what but this Thick Load Bracelet is not making my loads thick.
desperate Husband , sitting on the toilet and palm mashing all the buttons on the bathroom jukebox trying to get bob seger back on
attention all cops on reddit who have murdered people ; was it Awkward? what gun did you use. did you get a promotion
justin bieber's puckered asshole nurses a fat turd as he squats defiantly at the edge of a sulfurous crater labeled "the recording industry"
Sort Of Like A Wiccan James Bond
#RoyalBabyNames asshole doofus motherfucker from hell
mods!! mods! one of those obscene low follower count boys stole a lick from the delicious lolly that Father bought me!! ah! how dreadful !
"buckwild" or "hogwild"?? im writing a poem for my gf
theyre tryin to Stooge my ass
As a Digimon fan for over 10 years, I never heard of someone named DigimonOtis in the Digimon community, so his input is also invalid.
my girl beliefs own, my sex beliefs own, my god beliefs own, my page owns, i m always yelled at, im always hacked , im garbage and thank you
just me again reminding all of you seriousyl dumb motherfuckers to get your daily sperm count. some of you are walking around with weak cum.
if i ever get Crucified i would like it to be on my official warhammer 40,000 surfboard while my all my pitbulls bark at me
#itsuckswhen stupid presidents hide there birth certificate...
me: nobody has to get owned today. please, please put down the keyboard and step back 9 year old child: Fuck oyu
remember to always have samples of urine, shit, semen and blood attached to your belt to avoid wasting the doctor';s time if you get sick
my dick hits all the wrong notes and smells like newsPaper
RT OFFICIAL: Michael Jackson (1958-2009) RIP -  #michaeljackson #michealjackson #deadrip
AH.  ONCE AGAIN IM RAKED THRU THE COALS AND TORTURED TO DEATH FOR HAVING A NORMAL PERSONS OPINON. FUCK OFF
i am the simpsons, all of them.  yes.  turn off the cameras this interview is ove
if i ever got face to face with the "Affluenza teen" on my server im thinking itd go a little something like this (plays guitar really good)
 my failing brand 
hey @joshingstern ypou accidentally erased this sick burn 
im the ceo of legs
U Have BEen Brought Into Court On The Charge That U Must Lick And Suck On My Cop Boots Mother Fucker - NOTE: THe Judge Is Also Wearing Boots
All girls have exactly $100,000
goign to new york disguised as the Mayor so when the cops turn their back on me i can jack off
Crimes of the Ass (2005) (V) - Recommendations
ive flattened the curve over 100 times. what have you pricks been doing
my doctor needs me to keep a log of how many times i wiped my ass but i dont have a pen &amp; paper so i have to do it hgere. sorry 9/13/17: 310
when it comes to down to it.. you just cant beat the old mouse and keyboard #TheSaturdayMorningRamble
Vampire A:  Im murdered.  My idiot ass has put to be last bullet.  Vampire B:  In Death we can  truely live.  Good bye
my grandfathers last words on death bed "VEGAN STRAIGHT EDDGGGEEE" and then the entire hospital shook and he got better
the cops need poison stun knives so they ca n arrest me harder, and every police cruiser should contain a coffin full of beer #MyNiceOpinion
curly is the most bullshit stooge. his antics are the least believable. moe and larry would have kicked him out of the stooges in real life
(truyng to stumble across the next big two-word phrase that gets really popular for no reason) udhhu.. bird hell owl. big hell.  owl hell
just made a cool $30.00 from leting scientists hook me up with electrodes and watch me Game for 16 hours #IsThisHeaven
BREAKING: Millionaire rapist rehab facility lost to random gas explosion—Dozens of 2nd chances tragically denied—"Mist of splinters &amp; flesh"
you aall act nice to me on this site but if i needed $60,000 for saline injections all over my entire body none of you would give a SHIT
Ok bitch write "Telomere Mindfulnness" on a piece of paper. Go to Golds gym on 23rd, hand the paper to "Eddie" &amp; tell him youre ready to Die
why'd there suffering in this world.................
#RejectedScoutBadges CHALLENGING AUTHORITY.  COPING WITH FAILURE.  DRINKING DIRTY WATER
can I get into legal trouble for secretly filming myself on the toilet
"[Tipping] is...the last refuge of toads" - Thomas Jefferson "Do not tip the waitress" - Monroe "i dont tip bitch. Reblog this" - John Adams
Thoroughly Unimpressed. 
#FreeJahar obama jsut ordered construction of a $5billion helicopter but no trial for Jahar because "we can't afford it". this is FUCKED UP
if someone comes by asking if i would like to see pornography i say "hell yes". if someone offers me beer or wine i also say hell yes to it.
gaining a new followefr.. that, to me, is a real "A-Ha!" moment
we honor u
my world renowned "miserable adult cam" feature has been removed due to complaints
gravitational waves huh., is that like the super moon
i was going to make a joke about the food pyramid and eating mummies or something but i stopped because occasionally teens look at this feed
JAMES BOND: (Shoots his gun at the screen in the intro and murders me) ME: Now that;s cinema
who remembesr the mower man screensaver. who remembers the fear of it. who remembers not even being sure if the screams were coming from you
people named fucking "Curtis" need to get a grip, and start calling themselves "Curt" which is a rteal name
things 90s boys remember: vision of themselves in the future being violently ripped apart by unknown energy. that board game thats in a mall
i Fucking hate it when i come at the king and miss, especially when I best not do that
at first i thought that Science was a shit waste of time. then somebody did a meme of it,. and now... hooboy.. now i like it
i can just tell all of you are going to be a bucnh of little shits today and rat fuck me out of another pulitzer price by not retweeting me
told to "Sit my ass down" after wasting my one question at the town hall meeting by asking if the secret service agents get to see them nude
CNN NEWSWIRE: the guy who voiced the dog in the beggin strips commercials is now "beggin;" the american public to put a stop to jade helm 15
no you listen to me, Fucker, i need "Steppenwolf" carved into THE BLADE, not the handle-- please hold my father is crying
cant wait to hop on the pc and look at more juvenile barnum and bailey shit , aka posts.
an advanced culture millions of light years away intercepts first earthly message; a craigslist posting succinctly titled "boscov's fuck"
if youre following me for vids of me smearing chocolate syrup all over my chest. i dont do that anymore, and i suggest u read the holybook .
is mother teresa a saint "No she aint"
fred flintstone does not Jack off ever, he works hard every day to provide for his family, fuck you for saying something like that
#unpopulargamingopinions games are, in fact, NOT art, with the sole exception being Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle (1989)
it is unfair that i should have to go to hell just because i was born with a pigs brain
ive eaten more $14 hamburgers than youve eaten regular hambufrgers, you low engagement galoot
for all you twitter birds out there.. a fun idea ive been throwin around: lets make the front page to "WILD WEST" theme..Huh! only on Friday
FUCK TWITTER
daily reminder that i wear a suit and tie daily eeven though I have not set foot in public for over 16 years #GoodBoy #Hansdome
If God Was In Hell We Would All Be Dead.
Clean Ass , Clean Mind
legalize my stench
i had not felt emotion in over 20 yrs. not until baby crash bandicoot's reunion with regular crash bandicoot moved me to actual human tears
#BedBugsFeedLists blood,
just thought of a good name for a fictional football team located in a town that i also made up the name of , "The Boatswainville Birdhawks"
*stealthily dumps an entire bottle of gnc 100% pro performance whey protein into the dog's food dish * oh hey what's going on i was just uh,
GOD is an endangered specie's
cyber bullied at k mart
time to revisit Geis 
so i went around to all the offices adjacent to wtc and tried 2 find witnesses but ended up in a rooftop pool geting groped by some hot lady
hats off to the shirtless man who found spelling error in my 2yr old tweet but failed to realize that everythng i post is irredeemable filth
LISTEN UP NERD, THE WEIGHTS WITH HIEROGLYPHS ON THEM ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO LIFT UNLESS YOU POSSESS THE CORRESPONDING RUNESTONE, THIS IS HELL GYM
BRAVE NYC FIREMEN IGNORING ALL EMERGENCY CALLS TO REPAIR MUSCLE MAKER GRILL #HEROES #GODEXISTING #SANDY
dictionary.com defines the word "Mania" as "excessive excitement or enthusiasm; craze:".  "Ziggy Mania" offered none of these things t o me.
reality sets in that im "No longer funny," the dream of being Epicly quoted by funko pop owners for the rest of my life dies unceremoniously
i click online expecting praise from mny contemporaries. instead i get an ass pic on my monitor and i immediately start wheezing into my lap
please dont make whimsy of the popes ass while I am on-feed. ive more inportant things to do than indulge myself in hearsay of the popes ass
 christ. no wonder everyone is so worked up......
you know what. im going to just come out and say it. i think that we should let the geico geckco go into hospitals &amp; entertain the bedridden
"elvis" is the filthiest musician alive
in the year 3000 historians examine the preserved contents of an ancient time capsule: a piece of cardboard that says "Game cube sucks dick"
just because i am allergic to wi-fi doesn't mean i can't respect it and recognize its useful applications. it is me who is wriong, im shit,
UNCLE: on sept 14 u posted "my dick is not all its cracked up to be." Explain yourself please ME: its. a commentary on the economy actually,
GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT DOC-- WILL THIS COMMON TUBERCULOSIS VACCINE GIVE ME THE GOOD AUTISM OR THE BAD AUTISM???
seeking a pisswife.  i will do anythoing for a pisswife.
just had the check Mark for 6 mins, but lost it by posting a picture of the back of some guys head with the caption "White people be out here"
You wanna tell peole i got a little lady bug dick?? That how you get your kicks? Haah?? taking multiple shirts off while saying this
please stop sending pictures of girls urinating to my house. it ws funny when i was 16 but now it is affecting my standing within the church
i would like to become somebodys Uncle so i can start posting shit like "not all dips are marinades , but all marinades, are dips"
 I AM very exicted to be living in a 3-d world in the yr 2010.  the OFFICIAL start to the new millanium
 herse something uplifting & inspirational
Download free Pig Hitler theme for Nokia N70
asking my financial advisor how to "Bet against america" after seeing someone get mad at someone else for doing it
my agent says if i get my balls neutered off ill be able to calm down &amp; improve my posts. but i keep telling him, my posts wil never be good
ME: ill take.. one Cruisp bird w/ extra bird sauce please KFC CLERK: Huh? ME: (gives him the Wink of Irony) KFC CLERK: Ah! The Wink of Irony
as a teen the docotr told me my ass cheeks would grow into a normal mans size instead of looking like fucked up hockey pucks.  another lie
in fear of losing my job at panda express after telling a girl about my kidney stone ordeals and haivng it misinterpreted as sex talk
to whoever changed my background pic to spider man with his dick out, thank you. im keeping it just to make you mad
availble now... Dril Official "Mr. Ten Years" Anniversary Collection the real deal  
local orgy vibe ruined by man who made terrible dog howls while extremely caught up in the moment - bastard is now imprisoned in astral cube
some fool's just need to be knocked the crap out of
My Friend Toby Once Said, One Big Ass Biker Man I Ain't As Good As I Once Was, But I'm As Good Once As I Ever Was
RAMPANT INCEST AMONG THE RULING CLASS, GLOBAL SHORTAGE OF DIVINE CRISIS EMERALDS, SANCTIFICATION OF BASTARD ENERGY BULL SHIT MOTHER FUCKER
 im just going to post my ad here real quick
sick of seeing "Snark" on my feed regarding our nation's presidential candidates. i will be voting for all of them because they seem nice
im watching my gf transform into wolves . the wolves have the same tattoos that she have. she can turn back into a person when she wants to.
llove saying "damn"
the mayor threatens to replace one letter of the english language with the Swastika for each week that his wooden leg is not returned to him
i get really upset when matrix haters refer to the greatest cinematic achievement in human history as "bullshit time". youre a fool and liar
me and my roving band of gorgeous cop punchers suffer the indignity of detecting the scent of piss. we pause and atempt to locate the source
i fear that if the 10k character limit is enacted my trolls will post ascii middle fingers that are elaborate &amp; beautiful enough to kill me
re: clogging toilets; its important to note that i use a minimal amount of paper. so the responsible party is usually my very thick turds
ME: watch it bud. my friend RickGamecube, you see, he dont like getting pissed off so much RickGamecube: I dont like getting pissed off
come. I SHall lead the charge against corrupt Game developers, (Falls face forward ansd a variety of ass medicines spill out of my clothing)
Im a goalie in personal life so I know a thing or two about deflecting personal attacks against my life as well as hockey pucks.
trolls: do something productive instead of beatinh your weiners on my page. there are so many birds flying around indoors who need help
melt thtis shit earth.  melt this shit earth and start over.  except for me and everyone in my necklace makeing club
thinking of life's i could have led in other worlds..... 
thius is not said nearly enough by all you ungrateful, unappreciative fucking jackals on here, but thank you @CNN. Thank you for the news
CNN: SHITLOAD OF DEAD WOLVES FOUND IN NYC SUBWAY SYSTEM INSPIRES US ALL AS A NATION TO REFLECT UPON MOTHERHOOD AND PERHAPS OUR SELF'S
in veneration of the right honorable baroness my six komodo dragons will be rewarded one etxra " DIPEY CHANGE " and allowed to eat spaghetti
moms boyfriend think `s selling dioramas of discarded tarantula husks perfoming sex acts is "bad"; throws my 30yr old cozy coupe at me daily
THE INCEST TERRIER #illegalDogBreeds
stare directly into the sun For Free #blackfridaydeals
3 reasons to join the jackinf off without a condom movement: 1) Its good 2) Its free to join it 3) You dont need a condom to jack off
bathrooms in japan have virtually no piss on them. this is because the culture has instilled a sens e of humility within the people. no piss
uk elecitons in full force!!  lib dems vs Chavs; vote now and google the HECK out of ron paul
when your feeding trough is clear of Debris.. that is the shit i like to happen
a bully asked me if i wanted a "Hurts Donut" then one thousand ghouls phased through the floor and ceiling and began shitting on me
every one must wear a free speech diaper to protest twitter deleting posts that say "Fuck the ecliopse" and "The eclipse is some fake shit"
accidentally brought my piss detector into the mens room again and cowered beneath a sink as the deafening screech echoed off the hard tile
wiping m ass with toilet paper imprinted with an image of bin laden wiping his ass with toilet paper imprinted with the jp morgan chase logo
alone and my thoughts...
Hell Yes;. the army is putting me and my guns on a plane back to iraq. Thius is like real life DLC
if satan tries to put a microchip in my gun i will shoot him
#The12DaysOfContent 
i spend 2hrs on my back with my legs spread so it looks like the sun is setting into my ass from my perspective."haha the sun fucking sucks"
i will soon be assembling the LA Boys into my 1br apartment to watch every episode of Mind of mencia in order and show covid virus whos boss
a dog should never stand on its hind legs for any reason. that is for humans to do only and they look like fucked up chickens
Now whos ready for some damn Tweets for Fucking adults
why dont you come to wheare i work and slap the dick out of my mouth bitch
i bet the three stooges would be pissed if they figured out the name of their show. they probably think its called "the three normal guys'
dont worry ladies, im not one of those"Bros" who talks to girls about sex stuff. anyway, i have an entire bra stuffed in my mouth right now,
if ur biebermeter has a reading of less than 150 Bµ then why hte FAUk am i even talkin to u
im the only guy who knows how to call out the bull shit of society the smart way. and against all odds i do it for free
please dont tell the boys at t he gym that ive been slapping clown urine on my pecs. they may not be totally understanding of the situation.
big biker dude pops a wheelie on harley & simultaneously unleashes a load of shit from his nude ass.his license plate says "Rape" #RapeJokes
im starting a new feature on twitter called "Are U for Real".  Check it out
just realized that skeletons are basically just rocks hitching a free ride inside of our bodies.  sad and pissed off
girls love saying shit like "Ebay is my father", while i sit in my house 50 miles away solivng a book of 200 expert level crossword puzzles.
Consideirng putting a bumper sticker on my car that says "Get off my ass" and a sign about a mile away saying "Go closer to my ass"
horny does'nt exist
for some reason. people get upset when i say the markets are down because of Bill Watterson's beloved print media staple "Calvin and Hobbes"
Going to try to get viral by making a ranking list that everyone hates. Lets see;  1. Net Flix 2. First Responders 3.  Sandwich
i attribute the complete failure of my brand to the actions of detractors,  oor my "trolls", as it were, as well as my own constant fuckups
by suggesting that i suck your (Female) dick ,u have sufficiently violated at least 3 gneder sacraments and have theirfore earned a " fail"
boycott all games that don't let me play as a cop
(seeing the RE/MAX balloon at a hockey game) shit, they got RE/MAX here?  Not bad,
legalize pubic hair in playstaton (PSX) games
wiping your teeth down with toilet paper or giving them a quick spray with the hose; that's the good shit. toothpaste is flim flam from hell
if you have less than 1000 followers i can guarantee you that me and the boys share your posts in vip chat rooms and call you a "Muthafucka"
please God if you're out there I ask that you turn my praying hands into bird seed so that I can no longer bother you with dumb ass reqUests
do not be alarme.d  the repulsive green hue of my dick and legs and stomach is merely a side effect of fucking bags of wet grass constantly
dicks have hairs all the way up to the tip, usually so short and fine that they cannot be detected by sensory perception . wax those suckers
Cart Man
i will not post on xmas day out of reverence for the lord christ. that is only. my opinion, and if youre going to kill me for it, thats fine
so you want to upgrade your jeans. i suggest you gather 3x daenim shards, 2x bug honey, and 4,000 ralphs. only then will u be worth my time.
cheers to whoever poured paint on me while i was handing out pamphlets warning people not to attend MetalGearEric's orgy #FAlseFlag666
me and the boys pooled together our total life savings of $1789.34 in a last ditch effort to rescue the failing quiznos brand from the brink
Cowardice: A Tale In Four Parts 
" pivot to Toilet "
when people upload pics of misc.electronics and the shit just is covered in dust, crumbs,etc i usually have to sign off for a sec &amp;cool down
Waiter, by the advice of the Chicago Tribune Id like a Dash of Ground Cumin on my Farm Fresh Egg. Oh! Too much! I withdraw this transaction,
my favorite part of the classic 16 tons song is when he threatens to kill me and beat the shit out of me for no reason in the middle of it
i hate it when doctors say Shit like "Take two and call me in the morning" . why dont yoy take two kisses of the butt crack of my ass
im being TROLLed because of my pro-nascar beliefs for fuck sake!! why dont any of you care!?! why are you all just posting more jokes!?!
huge tub of au jus sauce with bottles of beer floating around in it is lowered into the room before the big game. "now that's, a power play"
bread has never been good. let it be known on here that i will never eat the shit food bread.
BOSS TELLS ME I CAN KISS MY FERRETS AT WORK, BUT NO OPEN MOUTH.  I PUNCH THE FLOOR SO HARD HIS SCREEN SAVER DEACTIVATES
between the gun &amp; the blade.. throwing knives are the "Best of both worlds" when it comes to eliminating thousands of home intruders at once
send 1 million guys dressed as The Matrix into iran and i guarantee you the rhetoric will tone down
boys night 
all the trolls talk shit about my profession as an artisan ass wiper. but when they see my fine selection of towels they beg for my services
is wiki leaks hacking twitter agian or are the people leaving numb skull comments on my page actual human beings
i can infer that the owner of this car with "Wade" painted on the hood is either named "Wade" or enjoys the word "wade" for personal reasons
w*akes up on the morning of july 18th 2015 sick and tired of Snooki and HoneyBooBoo* Wheres my damn nuke bomb...
"FEAR IS USED 2 ENSLAVE THE MASSES," I SAID AS I RIPPED THE FUCKIN DECORATIVE CARDBOARD SKELETON OFF OF THE COMMUNITY CENTERS BULLETIN BOARD
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY: homer simpson will stop saying "D'oh" and will instead say "Fuck" , as the Creators originally intended 30 years ago
an angel slips a booklet of my top posts into the pockets of the pope, the master of islam, and b.netanyahu, and the world Rejoices in song
The Latest Upsetting Concoction From @NestleUSA 
I have a confession. THe leaking of six thursday nite rants on monday was a false flag operation designed to kill The Thursday Nite Rant.
Introvert = In vitro  pervert.  theyre sick
inventing new character "George X. Bush"  the most fucked george bush yet
i had a dream that Jared from subway followed me &amp; we started discussing new media objectives over DM. when i woke up i was eating my pillow
Antonio Vivaldi  six violin concertos, strings &amp; continuo in A major " Burger King Theme " Op. 2 N°11 published in Venice by Bortoli - 1708
seeking a fellow High-Functioning Brony to crawl underneath the tarp i live in and help me de-wax my ears.  suit and tie required.
not even Austin Powers 4 can win me back after mike myers' hideous racial outburst at the Laugh Factory.  Fuck you
thinking of inventing a new type of person to get mad at on here. maybe people who carry too many keys around.. i dont know yet
#blogcon2013 im here and if you so much as look at me without having a Verified Account my devices will emit an ear-piercing defense screech
RAT CHECK... unfollow me ,if youre a sleazy low down RAT!!!!!!!!  i will knock your block off, I respect honor, Truth in words and action.
IS BLUE TOILET WATER A RETRO 90S THING OR HAVE I JSUT NOT SEEN A CLEAN TOILET FOR 13+ YEARS. PLEASE HELP
at the advisement of my Probation officer .i will now be taking questions on the despised reddit .com with @kcgreenn 
checking my computer chiar for GPS Trackers, left by ex-wife or cops
coax me into the toilet like a big bu g
cant get ahold of my brexit adviser
im on a watch list for capitalizing "Balls"
dear sir or madam - i request the following: "CUM_SISSY" embroidered into the back of my father's old army jacket, complete with underscore,
*aims revolver at the word "mosque"* prepare to kiss my steel, fucker. *accidently shoots a period at the end of it* NNO WHAT HAVE I DONE
my followeres, who all hate me, and wish to kick my ass, are nobodys, and they lack the combat training to injure me, because theyre infants
Louis? gosh, it's been years. it's me, Neal, from Law School. anyway, i got this big juicy onion here, was thinking me and you could fuck it
top ten how do you stop trolls jokes Q:how do you stop a troll A:Get his key board
what if all the locker room heteros want to kiss the gay player &amp; it messes up their performance on the court? can we truly afford this #NBA
((pulls gun out in bank) NObody MOVE OR ILL BPLOW YOUR FUCKING HEAD OFF (empties a shit load of free lollipops &amp; dog biscuits into big jeans
watching all of you goof up again, with your posts. nobody has ever crapped themselves more in human history. The shit is a total clown show
 #betrayal #misery #2012
my new joke, which I foresaw getting over 100 likes in a dream, is referring to 9/11 as "The Devil's Dance"
I find my self. walking the hallowed halls of Harverd university , thinking wisely to my self. upon the quest, for Knowledge...
quick reminder to vote for the guy you want to lose tomorrow, just to get as pissed off as possible and enhance your Craft through suffering
rip out my chest hiar and shove fistfuls of it into my fat mouth while my slobber-glazed jowls shake about and sprinkle your bosom with spit
never allow yourself to be loved. treat the Burger King brand with respect. celebrate ramadan EVERY month. end moms. vote with ur skateboard
certain theres a special combination of ancient cowboy noises that will get you free shit from QVC and ill keep calling until i FINd it
(man with 120 IQ in the 1700s [80 in present day IQ] listening to Yankee Doodle for the first time) Oh this is devilishly Fucked
i want to take one of those cruises where people shit right there on the boat but apparently they only happen randomly as a surpris,e
yanny, and laurel, "SUCKS" !!!! Im back bitch
PissMyPants USA LLC
got a One Million Dollar idea here. the dewey decimal sytsem... its good right? now imagine using it at Wegmans to find your favorite snacks
1) i lie face down on sofa 2) infect me witrh lyme disease 3) it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
if you want to make someone on this website really mad, accuse them of poisoning the animals they care for #workseveryDamntime #TheMaster
this is what an Emissary of the Kingdom of heaven my look like.  Do not engage it in combat 
[UmbrageLiker has joined the chat] PleasantBoy: GET HIM OUT OF HERE NiceKeeper: NOT ON MY WATCH KindBarber: FUCK OFF ! Helper: THIS IS AWFUL
This Shit Sucks Dog Shit 
𝔹𝔸𝔹𝕐 𝔸𝕡𝕡𝕠𝕚𝕟𝕥𝕖𝕕 𝔸𝕤 𝔽𝕖𝕕𝕖𝕣𝕒𝕝 𝕁𝕦𝕕𝕘𝕖  ⁜ 𝔸 𝕄𝕚𝕣𝕒𝕔𝕝𝕖 ⁜ 𝕠𝕦𝕣 𝕃𝕠𝕣𝕕 𝕀𝕤 𝕄𝕪𝕤𝕥𝕖𝕣𝕚𝕠𝕦𝕤
oh youre gonna unfollow me now?  just when the posts are getting Good?  im sorry Your Majesty!! (Dick sucking motion ) Eugh Eugh EUgh
the dj just said he ran a man over with his car and did a hit and run 4 year ago and hes crying now
some dumb asses of life just need a damn "BRAIN "
IVE TAKEN TO MIXING JENKUM METH IN MY BATHTUB IN ORDER TOE ARN THE MERE PENNIES NECESSARY FOR PROLONGING MY GODFORSAKEN TOILET LIFE
"before we begin todays ball game, user @Dril would like a few words on Dairy Queen" the audience boos as i traipse the field in my tiny car
I AM VERY BAD ARMENIAN LADY ! I AM SO BAD THAT EVEN DEVOL IS AFRAID OF ME ! I WILL TEAR ENYBODYS SPIRIT &amp; GIVE IT TO HIM ; WHO PUT DISLIKE !
indonesian pirates raid my yacht and find me on the floor fucking a styrofoam container
#red for aids tuesday i will guarantee a 5% decrease in worldwide hiv infections by kkeeping my filthy dick out of the pacific ocean
a typical day for me involves putting on the football vest and throwing the fuckin pigskin around. and i am not sorry if this offends anyone
pulled over for dragging a clothing donation bin behind my truck; asking cop to make people stop honking at me because "its loud" "it sucks"
the bastard of downloads
 vile footage exhumed from Apache Chief Geronimo's cursed grave
I Am Not Afraid To Shut Off My $300 Asus Monitor From "New Egg .com" Off If The Intelligence Of This Site Reaches To The Level Of Stupitity.
what donest kill me makes me stronger ((gains infinite strength from being not killed by infinite things))
Clipart Illustration of a Frustrated Cowboy Holding A Skunk That's Been Torturing His Farm With Stinky Spray
-windows covered in trash bags -arbitrarily sorting the contents of my snack Pack -pumping racist apps into my nokia at Lightspeed -frowning
buiying up all the graphics cards and making them cost over $1000 so i can computer generate my own new episodes of "Arli$$"
i refuse to consume any product that has been created by, or is claimed to have been created by, the (((Keebler Elves)))
pray for gurabide.
i will never wear a "COCK RING"
37 souls who will never again be allowed to engage with my red hot brand, bnecause they posted during hell hour and spat in the face of god
the Original bad boys!! the Best, the very greatest.  That's right folks, ive got the Whazzup Budweiser Men on board to film 17 short films
TYLER PERRY ----------&gt; MONSANTO &lt;----------- 666
served thanksgivng turkey wearing diaper to family ; my coming out as a Wearer -- one thing im NOT thankful for is rudeness and betrayal
it may not be necessary for me to reply to every post on my feed with "I Agree" ,b but it is appreciated and nice, and I will never stop
on March 14th 2011, user "AIDS_Wanter" maliciously paraphrased my alt-luit witticism regarding birdseed which turns into birds, when planted
i have never in my life- shit my pants or had an erection. it is ludicrous to claim other wise
If I Fill A Bird Bath With Capri Sun Will Birds Still Bathe In It #badsciencefairprojects
   badfrog3333
this website seems more &amp; more like a place where elitist daddys boys can show off how 'CLEVER" they are, instead of a source for bra advice
i have created more jobs, than every Weed Smoker on the planet-- combined .
my name is   " GAMER FUCKER "  and i was sent to FUCK all the gamers...
presented with out comment . 
"Rock and Roll Kevin is named that because of his extensive knowledge of Rock and Roll music."
theyre waiting for me to slip up and post a family guy joke verbatim so they can make youtube vids of cartoon avatars doing side eye to me
the belief im most attacked for, is the belief that my High IQ makes me a Target
wolf blitzer putting on his best handsome guy voice spending hours in front of the mirror practicing saying "this just in money is worth $0"
beanie babies are just bit coins in real life
Fuck Up The Office With A Real Leather Alligator Stapler, Shatter THe Establishment - "I Believe We have Your stapler."  - StaplerMods.com
tips for photographing your own vomit From A Mom--  lighting, etc
Joe Pa is in his deathbed right now id wager, jerking off one last time before the curtain falls on his disgraceful life
God Bless the United States of America and the Constitution that this Country was built on. Grab yourself a Mud Jug and KEEP PACKIN’ HAMMERS
sorry oprah fanboys, but the Oprah MMORPG is a buggy mess, hasn't been patched in 7 years, and i regret playing it daily since i was a child
internal dialogue of tech journos watching Asimo dance around "Wow id love to break its legs" "Lets see it withstand the burden of the Cross
I dont appreciate bieng called "The Waterbed Bitch" just because I own a waterbed and post pictures of it daily
envisioning Jeans Hotspots across america &amp; various territories, where consumers can learn their "Jeans number" and look at photos of jeans
we here at the @jimmyjohns teen outreach initiative love to "PULL THE RAT" and "CRUSH A LOAD" like the rest of them. we know how to jack off
my followers know i Abhor racism, but i especially dont agree with the thing from old cartoons where black people have dice for teeth
small village. all the locals are dead, their bones removed and fashioned into a crude satellite dish, seemignly designed to download asses.
thinking of replacing both of the license plates on my car with a picture of a different car
is america ready for an &lt;otaku&gt; james bond? would this post-9/11 culture of fear ever allow an &lt;otaku&gt; james bond to grace the silver screen
i hand the chipotle cashier my card. "i support indie" with a photograph of me winking. she looks up and sees me winking in real life also.
i FIRMLY believe that beloved Super NES luminary "Funky Kong" woul choose Netflix over Hulu , in any Fucking universe you can throw at me
damn!! heres one for ya: if the classic dancing 3d baby aged normally, he would be turning 6,270 years old today #Whoa #TimeGoesByMan
casually discarding styrofoam container filled with buffalo wing remnants into the passing stroller of a baby
need 800 more dollars to keep the unofficial "$h*! My Dad Says" tv show wiki up and running for another month, yiou fucking worthless toads,
austin powers men cut (only men scenes) . mkv
all good boys keep a jar of sulfuric acid at their station to punish themselves for sending horny dms or goig offbrand.. just a drop will do
NASCAR Forums &gt;&gt; Odds &amp; Ends &gt;&gt; what are some good podcasts to listen to while listlessly fucking my wife
yo this server is for pregnant halo players only.  all u non pregs can go suck a lemon, capiche??
thhere is no such thing as charisma, and art is fake. the only metrics by which we must determine the worth of a man are Strength and Wisdom
2 celeb headlines i came up with, in case one of them does something: "Hasta Travolta, Baby" "Bieber does it again. Ah, but thats hollywood"
(hearing the first recorded sound from 1860, a pivotal technological milestone) This guy sounds like shit. Mostly his voice sounds like shit
alright netheads, Click the damn window out. Go outside. Mnake a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato slice. "Thank me later"
the latest from rex freeway 
CHILD: Papa.. tell me once more about WIFE's DUTY PAPA: it is WIFE's DUTY to protect her husband from villains, always
gotta pick one man. the night ain't over until you pick a favorite pope. "all of them" is not an acceptable answer. "clement xii"?? Fuck you
reminder that on this sacred of days that i was the first guy to condemn the 911 attacks, while everyone else was busy watching honey Boboo
me and my followers would be very pleased to see the national reinstatement of "the cobble stone road." a master piece in engineering
seeing a guy on here named "Curtis Blowjobs" , shaking my head and saying "REALLY??" a lot, asking girls in the dms if they can believe this
i shsould be allowed to beat off in the back of a police car.  im already going to jail so whats the difference
now more than ever, people are threatening to piss
#WorstFiftyShadesAudioBookNarrator my ass.. heh heh .. OH YEA!!!  BLAMMO!! my Fuckin ASS. my ASS. MY FUCKING ASS. read it and weep, bozoes .
lying on my back, screaming like a wildman while my trolls graze my balls with a spinning bicycle tire
if somone cooks your goose, thats it. youre basically fucked
too many false alarms from people yelling "Bingo is some good shit" or "Bingo is fuckin good". becoming a problem in the bingo community
if calvin peed on the gulf of mexico would it provide the oil leak with the disrespect it deserves or merely aggravate the problem at hand
the next time they do a live stream of a rare endangered bird they should let users control one of those old timey horns that goes "AWOUGA "
a particularly rude comment i received today has caused me to fill my pants wih shit. i will not glorify the perpetrator by identifying him.
boy's Rules: 1) the only coffee flavored thing should be COFFEE !! 2) "Shut Da Fuck Up And Keep Ya Head Down" 3) Never consume Oils
simpsons Kurdish
Everoyone please.  Stop sending  in things like "Cum" when snack brands do the "guess the mystery flavor" contest. They will stop doing them
You wanna see me throw up? You wanna watch me barf as a joke? Too bad! I will no longer make myself throw up as a joke! No more! Never again
 Focus On The Issues
i think when we get caught up in our gadgets and email, we forget to sit down and appreciate that time-tested classic doritos
if you have ever retweetted me without it equaling endorsing me , i will shatter your smart ass little turd stained laptop against my legs
|||||||||||||||||||||||||||...........  72% your Ass - Kicking is now downloading  Mutha FUcka  Stupid Ass
#WorldFoodDay food sucks. food sucks
Goes To Rotten.com, Sees A Man's Dick, Clenches Eyes Shut And Shakes Head While Clicking For The Back Button, Clicks Refresh Accidentally
i am skeptical of the concept "Too Big To Fail" mainly because i am extremely big and i fail constantly
every single one of you will be locked up for deplatforming and demonitizing joe the plummbers imdb page
i just sold all of my teeth to the president of starwars for one hundred dollars #SBMediaDay
becoming a cop so I can access the police computer and scrutinize the Walmart receipts of my rivals digimon Otis and warez_lad
gaining 400 pounds so i can tattoo the entire quran onto my disgusitng body
if the state ordered me to wear one of those shitty lapel cams i'd say "No SIR" &amp; crush the camera under my cop boot while the public cheers
man at national cemetery tackled down, face shoved into grass until head turned purple for saying "may the 4 be with you" to each dead troop
"dont tax me obama.  im dead" -our beloved dead soldiers
ill show you real truth ... 
"brevity is the soul of SHIT"  - the shit man
i want the popular new animated gif of me looking at a messy old trash can while lickin my lips;  Removed . Remove it off- site. Log it out.
i am a chef now folks. im walking around town in my chefs hat like a real dumbass. everyone hopes i get hit by a car
PigPissBen banning anyone who reposts the PigPissLou photos. PigPissWayne and PigPissEllis have already fallen victim to this PigPissTyranny
if you get popular on you tube you make $100000 a month. if you get popular on twitter you get your shit caved in by robbers every day
broke secret sevrice guy turns his pocket inside out and strangles an assassin with it. opens wallet and unleashes a torrent of moths at him
Sigh. the trolls are beating off their weiners again
it is time for me to fuck several pieces of corn, in the stead of a female human. i hope your labor day is full of laughter, joy and wonder.
trying desperately to come up with a name for my new cajun styled recipe that isnt racist and just fucking up constantly in the worst ways
Duty And Honor 
my laywer is telling me that the bastard who hacked my account and leaked my rants is none other than edward snowden, known traitor to USA.
alright. wherever the dart hits on this map is wwhere im building my new Mosque. (dart hits wtc ground zero) Yikes! Uh oh
THE TIME IS NOW: write ur senators and tell them that youre too much of a coolguy to get all huffy about the sofa bill or whatever
i have proof that my care taker has been tricking me into eating delicious home cooked meals by hiding them in wads of peanut butter
do nOT buy "grab bag" option at the Onion Brothers' Onion Emporium. it is a trick devised to sell you undesirable onions
huaw yeah you gotta try this shit...  just boil the macaroni in the same pot as the spaghetti ... this is called the famous "Double pasta"
wife is sad because we had to remove all doorknobs from our dreamhome since they were at the exact perfect hieght to go up my ass by mistake
I DRIVE OFF OF A CLIFF AND SCRAMBLE TO RIP THE AXLE OFF OF MY CAR AND LIFT IT ABOVE MY HEAD AS I PLUMMET TOWARDS CERTAIN DOOM. ONE LAST REP
what gender do i have to turn myself itno to be able to squirt octopus ink out
im going to close my account for uhhh 90 seconds until yyou fucking people learn how to engage content creators in a meaningful handsome way
"Phew!  Its like a sauna in here!"  - the most hilarious guy in the sauna
THHEYRE GOING TO MAKE A LOT OF FUCKING BUILDINGS IN TH NEXST COMING YEARS SO MAKE SURE TO INVEST A LOT OF MONEY IN WOOD
absolute full power 
I GOt Fired From QVC For Describing A Pair Of Jeans As "EuroVamp"
age 0 (baby): I want my Dada . age 25 (Millennial): I want my Data Do you see how fucked this is?
Not.  All.  Of.  The.  Wet.  Spots.  On.  My.  Jeans.  Are.  Piss.  Stians.
if one more Fucking girl comes on hhere asking for pics of me or my friends feet i`ll shut down my multi-million dollar corporation for good
hello folks. country singer tim mcgraw here. thank you for listening to all of my songs 
demonius darkblade has The Nuke, i can confirm that this large man has obtained a nuclear device and intends to use it on rude posters
obliterated by secret service goblins taxpayer magnum pulse cannons while horse playing on a diving board
writing a scathing letter to THE MEDIA for letting me become DUMB as SHIT !!
my godfather died of urine poisoning while cleaning out a mcdonalds playplace tube and that's why drama makes me upset
Closing my account until all of the pro jet-dry kiddies go to bed. You people are animals.  Hopeless brutes
if u know what the word "consoles" means.  son , you might be a Gamer
tekken Chauncey is no longer invited to boys brunch after saying that he would like to karate chop the #royalbaby in the stomach
#FiveWordTEDTalks god is real... (real BOgus) #ThingsGirlsLike free copper wire #LiesToldInSchool principals have sex #MakeLeighLaugh no
BIGMOUTH BILLYBASS REVIVAL , SINGS GAGA, BIEBER, ET AL; INFUSED WITH 2012 TECH FOR SHIT & PISS CAPABILITIES; "PHENOMENAL" FORBES MAGAZINE
[crying[ i just want to seay.. it takes a lot of courage for the cashiers to thank me for shopping at wal mart.. but it iw well appreciated,
playing the worlds most normal sized violin
FUCK !!! 
the last four super bowls were deep fake, and they're just gonna keep on deep faking them
Spipe tv
i know a lot of women . and none of them would ever sleep with this clown Austin powers
the reviews are in folks 
i.. im gonna lose it!! im absolutely ready to crap all my damn cum out !!!
if id known he was planning on using it to wipe his dogs shitty mouth i wouldve never allowed XenoMarcus to borrow my monogrammed neckbrace
the audience is encouraged to sink bullets into my protruded red baboon ass while i struggle to recite prose written on a toilet paper tube
#GooglePlayMusic ha ha some guy spent a billion dollarsr to put this boring ass hashtag on the trending list. fuck you idiot
i have trained my two fat identical sons to sit outside of my office and protect my brain from mindfreaks by meditating intensely
i can in the year of our lord 2013 verify once and for all that shrimp are NOT baby birds
i cannot condone taking my previous tweet and using it to say that the "ass wiping hack" is me. i regret putting myself in such severe peril
tipping the waiter is BORING, no one even DOEs it
the way im talked to on here its a wonder i haven't shit my own ass ....
i basically love to catch all the shit that falls off of peoples hamburgers with one of those tiny nets they use to scoop up goldfish
seems to be confusion regarding the job offer. you just directed me to an amazon listing for clown makeup. Looking forward to the real link.
gathering data on various of bastards
the president has never once been filmed taking a bath. he is presumably very filthy
putting all my monitors ad computer stuff on top of the stove i never use so that i have more space to carry out my life style
for my money.. nothin hits the spot quite like Food, or Drink
im not going to eat mcdonalds becuase bacteria refuse to break it down. instead ill eat the food bacteria love the most: raw chicken &amp; turds
petition to remove 'nude" from the curseword blacklist on teenzone cyberscrabble
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing eating disgusitng garbage food and being miserable sacks of shit and bemoaning the fact that theyre worthless
WHy isnt there a crosswalk where 50 year old women can explore their femininity without getting hooted at
"im not autistic. just my dick and sex drive is. im 100% a regular person other wise."
babies cant smile. its a biological reflex from the brain stem. its fake. they dont know how to smile
consider that the possibility remains, that most of you have not yet hit the skill ceiling of wiping your ass
now let's see that bad boy in 3d
"DISRESPECTFUL !! DISRESPECTFUL !!" the crowds shriek, upon learning that the scene of bat man wiping his ass &amp; sucking his own dick is Cut,
RufusPussy.  PussysRufus.  RufusPussyLord.  PussyManRufus.  PussyWhizRufus. RufusPussyExpert.  Pussy_Rufus. PussyEnchanterRufus.    PussRuf.
in 2023 an unassuming fat man will become the official currency of the united states. the economy will collapse because theres only 1 of him
im uploading a "let's play" vid of me getting stuck between the walls of my house and getting all tangled up in the insulation and shit
they are going to build a moscque on the wtc. #SelfieForSeb
if every person on earth killed 1000 bugs every day we would have no more bugs #noBugs #stopBugs
yeah whatever pal; im such an asshole for feeding my nail clippings to the birds at the park instead of sending em off to the dunp. fuck off
imagine a guy whose desktop computer is an integral part of his drum set and he posts by tapping the keyboard with his sticks and it's me
My User Experience Conditions - 12/17/17 : - Will click only 3 links today - Muting the word "Bluray" - Unmuting the word "Wendys"
i just hacked into the church and made god REal
 humanity in its Lowest form, Fuck you #savederpy
to the fine folks who kicked my bare ass while i was trapped in the automatic door at walmart: why do you people insist on punishing success
seems like more and more, every young professional  should have at all times, a bag to keep papers in
hey now, its super bowl 
tj maxx stands for trader joes maxx.. But yotre not allowed to say that anymore!!! Oh!!!
barney doesnt actually die. he just becomes more and more obscured by bulletholes until i close the window. hes still smiling. fuck this app
were at the point now, folks, twhere the CIA will kill you for having Opinions, but refuse to assassinate the nitwits who fuck with my Page.
i hand you an envelope. inside is a series of photographs of me gradually deteriorating. when you look at me again im a skeleton #Owned
i feel, as I, over time, become even more of a Dumb Ass, i am able to consume web-based content and Media at increasingly Blistering speeds,
some names for potential new nintendos, after the super nintendo: the good nintendo, the nice nintendo, the helpful nintendo; more to come
just meeting up with one of my real life friends; pictured here. 
 great. dale hates me now. fuck this website
in response to allegations that i have beneficial forms of bacteria housed in my digestive tract: 1) Thayt's fucking disgusting 2) I don't
ive invented a new kind of bed bugs for the toilet
#IAmNotALiberalBecause im proud of my greasy, orange ejaculate
can we all please affix "#justforfun" to the tweets that aren';t meant to be taken seriously. this would really cut down on the mishmash
i've been spending the last 7 years of my life making a romhack of super mario rpg where everyone is pregnant. i expect to make $100 from it
watch what happesn when a man with nothing to lose collides with 4000 "babe the Pig" commemorative plates piled next to a sears dumpster
alan dershowitz once tried to defend me in court by pulling out a pocket pussy and insisting he would never fuck it. we lost the case
executing some advanced high-risk transactions on the Markets. trading my ass medicine for dick medicine
GRIZZLED WEB VETERAN: I KNOW 100 DIFFERENT WAYS TO OWN A MAN... ME: I Sure Hope Nobody Poisons My Dick GRIZZLED WEB VETERAN: MAKE THAT 101..
closing my eyes and mentally visuelizing my enemies bodies, in 3d , to analyze them for weak points
and i will state right now that these recent events bear no weight upon the popular "saturday morning ramble" feature.  Thank you
middle-aged men have been retreating to the sewers of our fair city to cry. as mayor i will promise to eradicate these terrible crying men
switch handle to "Gamer Wonk"
"the guy who tried to sell a mummy on etsy"
my piss is black now anf has little pieces of pulp in it and i have to say it on this hash tag because doctors are ignoring me #MuellerGate
im here to tell you that even with 8 kid,s, 6 dogs, debilitating rickets &amp; a filthy waterlogged home, that its still possible to be a Gamer
blockbotting the boys group after they put a towel over one of our friends heads and convinced me that its elon Musk, come to kick my ass
trapped in overturned police cruiser jacking off one last time before I get buerned alive over "Are you geting that nut sir. Over" Yes. over
nice shoes idiot. nice pants. nice head. nice face. nice legs. nice feet and mouth. nice eyes. nice dick, ass, hands, tongue, ears, uh, neck
when i scroll too far down the google image search results for "rat" and start getting pics of ground hogs and shit... Lets talk about this.
reading a 900 page book on Dry Rubs and immediately forgetting all of it and just dumping a shit load of cocoa pebbles on my ribs
dick stuck in a moth ball
Netflix has once again showed their ass by proving once and for all that the ceo of it is Michale Jackson .
society is changing, constantly ggrowing and improving, and i think it is time for spider-man to show his dick
ive modified my phone to deliver electric shocks each time one of you unfollows me. The pain will make me kinder, humbler, and more powerful
if by some circumstance i was given the winning lotery numbers, i would not use them, for the lottery is a sacred institution #GoodBoyThings
#SendASmile to the stock marcket dow jones today . lets show Corona whos boss 
#nationalOreoday i will henceforth either "Fuck" or "Spit on" all the "national whatever day" hashtags that the NSA pays twitter to promote
wearing my most Insolent pair of bluejeans to father`s court hearing
these noodles sucked 
im kel from kenan and kel show.  support rand paul for senate or ill put the screw in the tunna.
Q: What is your Passion Sport? A: My Passion Sport is football and golf
theme song to Cheers makes every animal in my house howl untikl i fucking lose it and hurl all their cages across th room into an awful pile
"Oh I was just PostShitting for laughs" EXactly. And that is why U forever languish in obscurity while i engage brands U could only dream of
your damn right im a some of a bitch. soorryest some of a bitch i ever met
#AboveCowards
i am getting hundreds of messages telling me that the thursday nite rant is very bad. i am contracted to produce them until june 2015. sorry
100% body fat, 49 year old, normal Male. good at turning purple while lifting boulders and dropping them in ex-wife's driveway. Army strong
frowning while the entire waitstaff of California pizza kitchen sings "happy birthday" to me, looking like a lump of shit in a neckbrace
please refrain from writing extraneous stupid shit on the bass drum in any of your future stock images you cock sucker 
the most important thing to realize for a safe and healthy labor day is that lizardmen are hiding in the trash, in graves, and in coffins
Discussing Reality Intelligently Life
(Whimsical) i love to piss , right there in my big sweatpants (Serious) No. The toilet is the only place for piss
MASCARA DRIPS DOWN MY FAT FACE INTO MY PATIENTS GAPING CHEST INCISION... ˜¨¨¯¯¨¨˜ª¤ SAD SURGEON GIRLS ¤ª˜¨¨¯¯¨¨˜
i cough and sneeze into the toilet like a smart adult
a blessing on this earth.  my shit covered muscles are a blessing on this earth
im he nice man.. who celebrates all the saints who DOnt have holidays... and not just 1 day a year.. #Bless
all im saying it that this guy wore the mask before covid 
joke's on you; i actually love being body slammed by one dozen perfect wrestlers. and my mouth isn't filled with bloodm, it's victory wine
looking for the kind of ketchup that Chefs use......
on this day in history, alan turing invented the Gay Computer. one day later, preisdnet bill clinton fucked it. #demandaljazeera #hell
breaking into digimonotis's house at night and leaving a severed human thumb in his bed, signifying a "Thumbs down" for his disloyalty
#TagABeautifulGirl im good. im really good and normal. i want to take a women to the shooting range and discuss guns culture. i love humor
fail blog has gotetn WAY too political for my tastes
ever since i had that srtoke at cold stone creamery i feel as though i am more in tune with spirits, and the like
paid by sinclair broadcast group to read paragraphs of unbearable QAnon Shit to a roblox server full of 7yr olds attacking me for my beliefs
face news
awfully bold of you to retweet my "bad year" tweet on a year that has been extremely good thus far
i will say this.  when I finally ascend to the final plane of consciousness .nerds will get extremely yelled at
boys are reclaiming ladies Night..... and its all thanks to Men
extremely frail man, tasked with gathering hundreds of dildos thrown onto the football field by overzealous fans— booed incessantly; Reviled
fuck tumblr 
the "No Bullshit" award goes to this guy for being bossed around by gas station employees &amp; giving them a poor review 
i would really love to try getting my dick stuck in a pine cone. but i wont due to trolls
back in the nice days, youd go to th e barbershop and theyd serve you a full seven course meal during your haircut. not like today my friend
dont come on my account and lecture me about manual transmission until yoauve gotten BOTH of your balls snug up inside of a sweet sugar babe
my slack friends all have jobs oppressing my discord friends
my life flashes before my eyes and its mostly just me sitting on the toilet. i enter survival mode and begin instinctively wiping my ass
how likely are you to tell a friend about mcodnalds
I Beleive I Am Being Racisted Against Because Of My Marmaduke Necktie
targeted advertiosng helps me connect with the Brands I Need 
in base ball theres only points and players. i will be Shut Down for typing this.
im the boss of Mensa. every time i close my eyes i have visions of going berserk and spitting on a human face until it is unrecognizasble
consider this: the time and energy it took for you to tell me to "Shut the fuck up" could have instead been used to breast feed 10 orphans .
shutterstock has hit hte concept of "A young atheist" out of the damn park with this one. bravo 
to the trolls: i just bought a 5-pack of Oral-B electric toothbrush heads using points from my Chase Freedom card. could a child do that? no
choppy vhs footage of me jacking off in a guarded prison cell and yelling "THE SYSTEM WORKS" upon climax
(ffully immerses self in a picture of sponge bob saying "Dat Boy Tho")
absorbing Dip Shit energy from the lousy posts on here and throwing up f rom the body reaction
to everyone who thinksn im some sort of dip shit regarding video of me eating a pocket pussy, please rest assured i hated every moment of it
cadmium? i drink cadimum all the time. perfectly natural.  maybe those 100000 children died because theyre too dumb to deserve shrek glasses
CANT WAIT TO SEE THE LOOK ON MOM & DADS FACE WHEN I GET THE BOOT CAMP THEY SENT ME TO SHUT DOWN FOR DIAPER DISCRIMINATION
need some new Christian podcasts to listen to while cruising around in my fake cop car
clowns should spend less time making balloon animals and more time making Prayer's
thank you all. your kind donations of $400000 will keep me alive for 1 more month, after being fired for looking at racist swords on my ipad
me and several S&amp;P 500 CEOs often have sleepovers and discuss which MLB players we wanna kiss and try to determine which ones are Neuroqueer
, Fuck you !!
no. my bumper sticker of beautiful intergalactic bounty hunter Samus Aran saying "Im Autistic" couldnt have been the reason my car was towed
i am a local politician and i just want to lick this fucking ridiculous huge lollipop without people photographing me and ruining my career
ernest shits himself stupid. ernest nuts him self #twistedErnestFilms #tgif
i will pay a jpeg specialist up to $500 to put a black bar over the ass &amp; pussy of my beloved rottweiler before i send the pic to my father.
cmon peopl now  smile on your gamers  everuybody get together  try to do good with your Gamers right now
look at this classist filth 
i cannot live in a world where OrgyPrince calls me an "Orgy Coward" just because i refuse to attend his disgusting orgy
us siamese twins need to stick together
hm?? sorry, didn't see u there. i was just digesting a fascinating piece about how reading twitter for 9 hrs a day makes you a BEtter person
tried to overdose on aquarium pebbles & the hospital laughed at me and the ambulance drivers all took turns whipping me with catheter tubes
nice sydney opera house you got here. would be a shame it if were to become the the sydney Gamer house...
the super bowl is a game show. and any game show with out merv griffin at the helm is shit. Its not a good show
whether its that Hot rock N' roll or Cool jazz, well we can know what the one thing is that we all can agree on, is that it is "Pretty good"
hello newsweek?  yeah im not gonna make it for that interview. some schmuck just pissed all over me. im covered head to toe in schmuck piss.
foudn some excellent Ass Shirts in a big red bag behind the hospital. i am replacing my entire wardrobe of tuxedos and zoot suits,with these
limiting the thursday nite rant to one day of the week ... its just not good for gthe brand
not Suprising to see these LOSERs attack Sports and Athletic Legend @TheRealOJ32, as i've been attacked just as maliciously, if not more so,
proposed mural of Dr. martin luther king breastfeeding a pitbull wrapped in us flag REJECTED by town "Fucking" hall #DeathEarth #EarthDeath
it was just a dream... *notices bed is covered in Pogs and Pog Memorabilia* ..or WAS it?
(a) an alternate universe where im gay (b) an alternate universe where im bi (c) an alternate universe where alternate universes aren't real
im pretty sure that when we find out how to get in the 4th dimension there will be like 8 diferent genders to choose from
just when youre scrolling through the time line and you realize something so true that it pisses you off to the point you nearly crapped....
on one hand $2000 will barely even cover the cost of my large amount of mansions. on the other hand i respect the wild flava brand immensely
im actualy, probably, the most superbly relatable and normal person in this jail cell as of right NOw
mE: i'll take eggland's WORST, please grocery clerk (min wage): Good joke sir
please let me edit my tweets so i can go back and remove every reference to pig piss and liking pig piss
(intentionally spoken within earshot of severral arbys girls) ah fuck. my hands smell like steroids from using steroids all day
with all this talk of nanotechnology the next logical step is miniature girls with cat ears and big dicks injected directly into our blood
in the year 2030 , "You will be able to order food on the cell phone"
"theyre called millennials because thier souls are 1000 years old...." - truthGamer
wearing, Oh,; I dont know, some cheap douche bag jeans that are sickeningly blue, climbing around on some bricks, Truly Looking dumb as Fuck
the sculptor wipes his brow & steps back to gaze upon his creation, the words "Gonzo Jeans" rendered in marble. he drops to his knees & sobs
IM GOING TO TURN OFF MY AD BLOCKER FOREVER -- JUST TO BE NICE !!!!
i found Heaven 
swinging my great grandfather's nine iron around on my motorcycle and saying "Seniors Rule" every time i hit something
ok MPR, you win. ever since you stormed out of my house with my booster seat in tow ive been unable to function in chairs. please come bac
if your grave doesnt say "rest in peace" on it you are automatically drafted into the skeleton war
so our team gets to hte benchmark and its just a nude man on a dirty mattress.  whoever registered this should be ashamed #geocachingmishaps
using street view; trapped in man's sandwich 
listen here blues traveler. pretty much all musicians travel you dumb ass. you should name your band "blues redundant guy"
inventing a new type of cum by jacking off incorrectly
" If U like a good song I wont steer ya wrong Cocaine Its Got guitar and drums So please listen to some Cocaine "
sorry for drawing this out but its important to note that im in Full Submission Mode, waiting for CIA's pig-faced cronies to whip &amp; chain me
isis man: please! you gotta follow back! you just gotta! me: no can do my man. i respect your right to be in isis, but I can not follow you.
concerning my messages on here: typically pretty good id say. if theyre bad its because i have a life instead of thinking of crap to upload.
ive mastered every hypothetical social situation by reading posts on here and am now ready to talk to my step mom with out flipping out,
i squint real hard while attempting to contemplate a math problem designed for children until my entire dumb ass face turns navy blue
would like to see the myth busters come back to tackle the myth that its illegal to open other peoples mail
walking around town with my big Ass lookin like Shit
perusing the count chocula sub reddit with a mouth full of werthers originals flavored skoal tobaco dip
i have posted at length regarding my inane balls at the cost of my family, my career and my dignity. the least you can do is rack up my Favs
huckleberry hound... talk about someone who needsto get his act together, pronto
ijust had one Hell of a steak dinner. i wont post specifics regarding the dinner due to trolls but i would like to get this viral please.,
there is a metric by which i evaluate the level of Sexual content that exists in posts. i call it the Porno factor .
the experimental surgical procedure to make my tears stink less was a complete failure. im sorry everyone
boot rust
i am beginning to doubt that most of the subscribers to my feed are mature enough to handle sniper info.
theres gotta be a game that will make me cum in less than 4 minutes. Theres just gotta
OH im so Fucking sorry "Your Majesty", i didnt realize that dick rings were banished in this dystopian piss earth. Ur probably a 9gag poster
wiki/Coprophagia/media/File:Adonis_Blue_butterflies.jpg  
U cant wear a sword. A sword is not clothes. Yes, A SHeathe, is clothes. The sword goes in the sheath, but that doesnt make it clothes bitch
oh and also thanks for the troops
listening to the song "Shortnin Bread" on repeat 7 hours a day and forming some very complicated opinions upon Race
im going to be very upset if I shell out a thousand big ones for google's glass only for it to be 100% legal for people to do jokes about it
yes, dad, ive heard of simpsons porn.
resisting extreme amounts of arrest
the more i drive around in circles, the more people see my "HOME DEPOT FUCKED ME " bumper sticker.  simple aritmetic
1st grade: Mastered. 2nd Grade: MAstered. 3rd Grade: Mastered. 4th Grade: Heres when they start trying to trick you 5th Grade:This ones hard
bringing the mame cabinent into my spider hole
ive never met any of them, but i know that there are guys out there who name their dogs shit like "Rover " and "Fido"
" STAY HUNGRY " - burger king
WOah.  Just had another Dr. Oz dream.  This time he was crying
a &lt;MYSTERIOUS CHASM&gt; leading to an unrelenting void, a terrifying nightscape of psychological torture and constant misery. the worst dive
ok piss stian, this ralph wiggum tattoo is a long-term investment, meaning its value will grow over time. go read a Economic ' s book, child
this shi t 
absolutely pounding a zip lock bag of cut up hot dogs in the portle potty
Its fucked up to think about that only 2 years ago, in 2017, the current year (2019) was considered "The future"
the clown nose on my dick is there because im more susceptible to infection since my wii bowling accident, iddiot. no more hateful messages
 horrible
Gasping for piss
i know its a funny joke that NJ smells awful all the time but ill be damned if I didnt leave the house and detect the odor of unwashed mouth
ive decided to abstain from  urination for two days, to punish myself for letting my kolut score dip below 70 again
important.  
A Man's Sense of integirty. 
"the account has too many jerk off posts on it" "the account has too many posts about going to the toilet. i cant relate to that" fuck yoyu
going back to switch the auto-capitalized 'i's in my post to lowercase so people don't think im some fucked up nerd
the classics(art carney, sid caesar) woud SHIT THEMSELVES if they saw these newer performers who INSIST on displaying their genitals always,
the trick to lining my dx racer gaming seat with towels is to not let any part of my ass touch the chair and reduce its value
james bond: ill fire 1 round and suck your Dick before you hit the floor. ill kick the floors dick off and fuck its ass hellboy 2: Game on
wondering how i learned all the different informal synonyms for "penis" outside of health class. I think they announced them on the news
"grouse pandy"
need to wash gamefuel stains out of a very expensive kimono
alRight. no filter.  i think that,  igf you are a bird, and you get run over by a car, you absolutely need to get your god damn act together
rip dr phil
resposnse to the NYT article calling gamers "Ho's" 1. gamers are not ho's. How dare you 2. if Walter Cronkite saw that hed shit in his grave
please set your home pages to  . it is a better web site than twitter. no trolls or loudmonths, always free.
HERE WE GO BOYS !!! 
Boys are showing to much DICK on the time line... I come here to research Ethics and i am bombareded with 10000 human penis images daily
going to start thinking it's " Not a good look" to order 1000 island dressing without being able to name the 1000 islands
ive decided that it would be good, to have 2 million followers. now what do you say we get the damn ball rolling on that
hurts , dont it!!!?!
archaeologists 1000yrs from now are going to find my embalmed turds and assume they were part of some sacred ritual. NOpe im just a dumb ass
(takes off VR goggles after howling in fetal position for 3hrs while guys in varsity jackets slap the teeth out of my mouth) wow its so good
Everyuthing about the N-word. I believe im already rich and ill be launched into the kfc man's grave then. — 
  Thank u
icant come to work today.. on account of JERRY DUTY *SHoves every seinfeld disk into dvd player at once*
its decided. tomorrow morning im going to speak with the priest after his sermon and ask him to perform the ritual that will turn me athist.
i hold this one truth, that thr only acceptable time to use the word "Doo-Dah" is while singing the cult-classic hit "Yankee Doodle"
 When Is The Next 9 11
who ever told me that kim dot com's secret doge coin stash was bureid under the roof of my house is an idiot. i just dug a hole to. my house
When you "FAve" me, you are effectively throwing a " Treat " into my mouth
lets ACTUAlly shove atheism down christians throats. cram godless voids into their mouths which nullify the Prayers of their digestive tract
trolls using "#ff" to add me to cruel watchlists for oppressive police beasts; ONCE AGAIN fucking me over, ONCE AGAIN making me shit myself
thinking about running out of toilet paper and having to wipe my ass with like, dental floss, or a mouth wash bottle, and getting very upset
more info on my enormous new full-color 350-page book coming soon ... keep a damn eye out 
if you like this shit down load my incredible one time offer the only app that lets you spin the wheel of pussy for free no question asked
im the guy who asked the baten kaitos forum if i should bring a condom to hooters
let me explain it to you fucking nerds one more time; this aaccount is Above Humor. You will not find jokes on it.
whicghever media wizards decide what you all are currently angry about should consider the grievous crap of people putting mustard on bagels
i plan on giving the olympics a right proper bollocking for lifting the tokyo 2020 setting straight from my cat girl novella
Ahh damn it . I fucked up and accidentally bought the newspaepr with the eye holes in it again and saw something i wasn'tsupposed to
4k tech will enable the viewer to see my dick hole fully accentuated through my jeans as the media hunts me down in a carrabba`s parking lot
"your posts, they aren't good." obama told me over his personal phone line. "you have to put down the keyboard.  you have to #StopThePosts".
thbe new Digiman game looks like shit for children&amp; 2015 will NOT herald the Digiman renaissance tht Otis desparately needs to stay relevant
DONT LOOK AT M E *pathetically wipes filthy ass with a post it note * TURN AROUND DONT LOOK
vladimir Putin if youre reading this please grant me asylum like you did with snowdan. i too ,am constantly in hot water because of my posts
I WANT " 1 2 3 " 1. MY DICK SUCKED 2. MY POSTS LIKED 3. MY ASS KICKED
reaches into pocket for folded up print-out of "the troll face". a bunch of old crumpled up napkins also fall out. the stench is unbearable
Proud To Employ Disabled Surgeons For All Of My Cosmetic Procedures
i dont give a rat FUCk about your personal shit, about your politic's, about your ugly kid and wife, just keep the Christian sand art coming
im the guy who originally cooked up the "garden of eatin" joke. thats my bit. im just saying it out in the open here &amp; now. trolls be damned
i spend a lot of time thinking about how good it would be if someone finally developed  a sports app ,"For the fans"
fast in furious 11: Beyond fucked fast in furious 12: fully Sucked
im sorry for doing jokes about the blue checkmark. i need it very badly to protect myself from villains right now
damn it to piss. my wife replaced all of my anti-wife reading materials with Pro-Wife bullshit
my friend the only crypto currency you wanna get your hands on is this: bird seed. There is a lot of birds and they all gotta eat
if you dont watch the cool visualizations that your media player of choice provides alongside the music youre listening to; youre a coaward.
looking for some open comment sections in marine corps training vids to post racist shit on
the unsung heroes of the front lines, the diaper medics who face certain death to change our troops and wipe their asses during heavy combat
digging thorugh all the trash cans and dumpsters at e3 in search of condoms containing genetically superior gamer cum
me and TekkenChauncey banned from red lobster after getting into scuffle over gradius canon & becoming tangled in decorative fishing net
i will go to great lenghts to prove that i take real showers. i will send pH samples of my flesh to th trolls. i will take pics of wet tub.
i show up at the range wearing a t-shirt that says "I Wont Wear The Earplugs" and i m promptly directed back to my car by staff members
THE GOLDEN EMBEZZLER #illegalDogBreeds
it is so beautiful to me, to have my ass lovingly wiped by my girl friend, knowing nothing is more pure than this bond, Nothing more strong,
judges are bullshit, your honor
can almost hear the angels screaming as i plunge the dagger into my chest and abdicate my destiny as He Who Would Forge The Unwettable Denim
the time has come for verifed mark
EMAIL CAMPAIGN TO MAKE THE BOARD OF HEALTH STOP CLASSIFYING MY GIRL FRIEND AS "POISONOUS"
the emerald nuts corporation deducts my pay substantially for each death thrreat i receive so please stop it
me and a bunch of stupid assholes are going to start a community in the middle of the desert to either die or prove a very important point
the scud missile was named after famous military physicist Scud Missile
god i `d love to host SNL . imagining hordes of Trolls trying to stop me, getting mowed down by an apache helicopter outside of studio 8H,
pissing my self off thinking about a brand of beer called "Goofy Beer" and its slogan is "Goofy Beer: It makes your dick smaller"
i point to my new tat , "UNVACCINATED" written across my shoulder blades, the dudes nod their heads and line up for a round of high fives
i just found out today that my best friend and confidant of 11 years is a beers drinker. this troper is NOT amused
i feel like some people don't appreciate the effort i put into TTNR. frankly, all i can do is feel embarrassed for you. it's a good feature
girls hate it when you say shit like "Rome wasnt built in a day" to them
why did the earth worm jim guy block me... cant handle the real shit
the vatican should not be allowed to name any new saints until God sorts out my numerous issues with the citibank web portal
#selfiesforariana 
in 2020 police technology will allow criminals to choose between "hot jail" and "cold jail"
Rumours are having it that this next star wars is fixing to be the most twisted, for adults, and mentally ill one yet #EpisodeIX #EpisodeIX
i have never condoned "rumpus"
that place you bought a mattress from 4 yrs ago, reminding you Via email, that now is the perfect time to practice your Calmness Strategies
it was my idea to make the avatars circles, i got $1.1 Mil for it , im not sorry and if the trolls dont Stfu i will make more things circles
oh yeah buddy... i eat birdseed... and i ain't a FUCKIN bird!! #JustTheGuys #DamnMenTweets
wish that was me 
thats it. thats enough. im shutting the computer down ,before i become too powerful
"stuart little 2" isn;t funny. somebody had to say it
i pay a man $3000.00 a month to stream line my feed so i can get more jokes per second about putin saying "hold my beer" or what have you
he Sighed and drank from his cup of beer very lawyerly ,
wringing my dick out like a sponge and letting all that gray water drip all over my bluesuede shoes
No results found for "i invented black borat"
 nostradamus in hell
because of the RECESSION, "Ice Capades" has been cancleled and replaced by SHITcapades and PISScapades.  just kidding
your about  to find out why'd they'd call me "The Bitch"
saying it again: my nick name is "Mr Shut the Fuck Up" because i tell people to shut the fuck up not because i love shutting the fuck up
My dick is above average size in real life you fucking animals.  Do not say shit
if you 'accidentally' spill an entire 7-11 big gulp on a sears mannequin they will throw it out and you can go have sex with it in the trasg
#bestfeeling Jerk of
was a tad dismayed to find a Rat Brain in my favorite KFC Snacker Meal, B ut the friendly cashier assured me it was merely Intestinal Matter
Setting aside the dumb ass things of life to focus on the truth of intelligense .
"You don't know Jack, unless you know Pepper Jack ." - TheTexMexBoy
my main shit is going to CVS and doing riffs on whatever i see on the shelves. most of my material is never recorded or heard by human ears
absolute bastard . of all the fingers you couldve given me, it had to be the middle one
i am looking forward to some god damn serious male grooming discussion when everybody runs out of jokes around 2015 or so
Grief Stricken Babe Ass
cor blimey,. down load the Bing Bar today m'lord, follow MadeaREal,ItsReal_Madea, Madea_FunJoke,&amp; MadeaPuertoRico, my beautiful daugter ~uwa
saw some posts i didnt like and now i have to go take a giant shit in the bathroom. Thanks everyone.  Thank you
no skills, no brains, total pussy who looks like shit, sucking up and kissing ass until i get my corner office at the racist orphan refinery
please check etsy.com for more Hell Charms made from my own inner ear bones and crystallized vomit before i get IP banned agan
utterely Trident hlruh bl mint lies and filth novel of marketing gum hurhf ghfh ghuhlck #AeathDrt
hm lets see.. *Logs On To Dark Net* bomb recipes... voyeur upskirt.. snuff vids..DILBERT??  WHo thef fuck put dilbert on dark net
my next good post is about egg salad. What in the shit?? are you egg or salad? Why is this good. Who's eating it. Check Please. uhhh
when someone i never met on here has me blocked i assume its because theyre a pedophile and theyre afraid im going to take them to prison
hello 1800-GOT-JUNK?? PLease come by and give me all the junk you got. shovel it into my home, and my childrens bedrooms, and dont take any
lost in the Maze... 
id like a few words with this prick 
Ha ha ha... The numbers beneath all the posts are so stupid, dont mean anything, full of crappe.  yes, go ahead, boo me at my own ted talk ,
myth: making me mad is cool FACT: making me mad is a crap move&amp; people who do it are all sociopathivc criminals with fucked up rotten brains
I WILL REGRESS INTO PRIMAL FORM AND SHUN MY LOVED ONES IN ORDER TO POWER UP MY CONTENT !! I WILL GET RE-BLOGS AT ANY COST !!  AT ANY COST !!
Genius: the Human body can survive being shot 100 times Fool: ? Genius: (Shoots self in th exact same spot 100 times) remember to click Like
IVE ALWAYS SAID IT !!   the people we see of today are somewhat more known to care more of their Face Book Status, than their Brain Status .
farm boss: yyoure so good at cleaning the pigs' ass holes. please let us pay you me: no. i won't allow my work to be corrupted by the dolar.
looks like my posts have solved the covid crisis
a quick e3 prayer: i call upon our lord in heaven to ensurre that these perfect video games are not lambasted by criminal journalists. aman
yes. this guy is me 
#IAlwaysThinkAbout the Arts
Let it be known that I am the sole proprietor of the "Ren Stimpfani" joke, and that all attempts to replicate it are for the garbage can.
please remember "RAT" - Repsect Above Trolling
what do you mean 1800-GOT-JUNK only takes waste "Out" of peoples houses.  thats an absurd concept.  i will hang the fuck up right now
dead certainly., if my pit bulls could speak... they would say "please, please increase my power"
if U think the tiny stop signs on the sides of school buses are real Ur probably a huge nerd who had to get his butt wiped by the principal
#freejahar friends, i have just learned of another passionate freedom fighter who was betrayed by the us government 
ah! ive had my ass put to the terrible kingdom of hell, also known as "the devils playpen", and also "Satans Playpen"
the last chilean miner emerges with two armfuls of coal, making all 32 of his colleagues look like Ass Holes
advising my client alan dershowitz not to become host of the new tv show on g4 gamers network "Show Me Ya Pussy"
dont trust the dna tests. i determine my ancestry by looking at a bunch of racist cartoon characters to see which ones piss me off the most
MYTH: my posts are for the Pauper REALITY: my posts are for the Prince
a month ago everyone was scared thy were going to die so they immediately grabbed as much toilet paper as possible &amp; wiped thier ass with it
discreetly enjoying a small amount of beer i hid in my gun
#Bulls #Gators 
i don't care about anybody's opinion unless it is good. before you type, please ask yourself. "Is my opinion good" if it's bad dont write it
vp announcement the same day they announce Cosby Tetris (2007) no longer receiving eshop support?  nice cover up
just because im a gamer with Polio, doesnt mean i cant someday become somebody's Butler
hm whats this? dropped a copy of my 263-page memoir "All Bi Myself" on the florr of this trendy teen cafe. dont have time to pick it up. l8r
if i ever find a sincere or heartfelt post on your feed im gonna take a SHIT ON YOu
none of this shit is even from the future. is that a bee hive? Fuck you 
Who to follow - Justin Bieber @justinbieber  Followed by Duane Dog Chapman
strutting my shit on the beach, unintentionally increasing the anxiety of all girls with my radiant shit head energy and blowing it bigtime,
Sword's. The only blade known to man
how about we worry about human rights ... after we've fixed all the human wrongs ?  #AnHonestMansSay
IF YOURE 1 OF THE 10000 PEOPLE WHO IGNORED ME WHILE I WAS HALF DISSOLVED IN A HOT TUB BEGGING FOR SEX JUSt REMMEBER THAT I OWN CBS BRDCSTING
fucking a stack of emoji t-shirts at target or kmart or wherever the hell
My Dad's Friend Craig went to his favorite bowling alley and laid flat across lane no. 6.  he chose to die there.
TODAY WE EXPLORE THE PROVEN INTELLECTUAL ADVANTAGE OF CHILDREN WHO HAD GENERAL HOSPITAL FANFICTION READ TO THEM IN THE WOMB
i help every body, im not racist, i keep myself nice, and when i ask for a single re-tweet in return i am told to fuck off, fuck myself, etc
a man from botswana is threatening to ddos a picture of my ass if i do not post a list of my favorite pasta shapes by 6am. i will not relent
still waiting on that twitter verified status.  i swear to god i am the real DJ Darkzide (the onyl vampire dj)
 alright here it is folks. big things are coming... "Let us build the Content of tomorrow"
I SUBMERGE MYSELF INTO THE CORE MIND AND CRACK MYSELF INTO THE BIT-WEB, MERGING MY CONSCIOUSNESS WITH ALL 18 EPISODES OF THE GASTINEAU GIRLS
im sorry but if you continue to spit tobacco down my exposed ass crack I will be forced to stop unclogging your garbage disposal for no pay
little known fact- "petsmart" is actually a portmanteau of "Dog Store"
"sounds to me like you're gonna be wantin to be suckin on a piece of my bullshit......"
We used to think the hamsterdance .com was good, Now it sucks so much to us
performance on Antz Role-Playing Forum has been shot ever since police made me register as a sex offender after finding me crying in public
my attempt to expand my wardrobr by cramming a pair of Damascus Jeans into the office copier has ended with tragedy. escape the 9/11 reality
 god excsists and is real
if any of oyu crude boys want to come after me *room lights up revealing collection of r/c helicopters behind my outspread arms* be my guest
if youre one of the guys who blocked me on here, i Forgive you, and im ready for you to unblock me now.
mean while, while you were "Gaming ", i tasted 100 different wines in a cave behind a waterfall and cried into a shaman's arms
(getting really into the dunk tank carnival game) Ill show you some pain mother fucker.  Ill show you some pain mother fucker
i think that big foot and mouth man have sons every 20 years or so and they make the son the next big foot or whatever
car wash big man. big man thru car was.h  can car wash be used on big man. can big man survive car washj. does car wash clean big man. #Bing
too many movies about rats
to the coward fraud who claimed my username: it is you who deserves to be plagued by this baneful "2". Posted by CrotchLordMiami2 at 3:36 am
#SendMeToDerpConBecause im Rat
i deserve th e most mentally ill president imaginable.  99 year old babbling doofus.  Send us into the volcano sir
#TagABeautifulGirl i demand a date. i need constant help with my bullshit. i am tired of girls making me sick. i want to like the good girls
penning a heartwarming screen play about a horse who wins nascar
as a 46 year old teen I would like to apologize to all old dudes on behalf of the teen generation, for decades of gangsterism and nonsense,
bullshit jeans.  dont buy.   made of some kind of rat hair. not denim. i took them to my priest and he refused to bless them
#OpenCarryGamestop 
i personally blame th e skyrocketing army suicide rate on the Preposterous fucking bullshit i post here on a near daily basis
wow this 40lb bag of dog food is only $30... why do dogs get all the bargains
AMERICA REALLY DEAD THIS TIME. I MEAN IT. ALL NATIONS UNITE TO DONATE BILLIONS OF TONS OF DIRT TO GIVE A PROPER BURIAL TO OUR DEAD COUNTRY
a tisket?  Fine a tasket?  Fuck yes a green and yellow basket? Too much
death to false muscles
barbaro is back 2014 
no
"The film was universally panned by critics. It received a "rotten" rating of 5% on the r" let me stop you right there. thats a lot of crap
gamer posture is equally as valid as normal posture.  i will no longer be silent, of this
search "crash bandicoot is real" &gt;&gt; Did you mean "Crash Bandicoot Israel"? search "no"
a giant vat of slop in a secret factory has two pipes which lead to the bottling lines, one labeled "GAMER FUEL" and the other "BABY FOOD"
all of you people have rat hands. i am going to be fucking sick
theres a 3rd babe movie where he turns into a human at the end. beautifully done scene. the pigs dream comes true. the government Blocked it
plpease post suggestions for some wicked fucked up aspect ratios to help me trick my treacherous wife into thinking the tv is broken
"ah boo hoo hoo i want to post Foul comments to content leaders" Fat Chance, Dimwit. I will annihilate you under bulwark of the Law and God.
if anoyne sees a blue thermos on I-95 that is a container of Stress Vomit my wife threw out of the car and i need to show it to my doctor
if a 4 year old child treid to accidentally shoot me i would simply disarm it by using a Complete arm latch into tactical 100% body roll
check out these Pig Kickers *rolls pant leg up to reveal an elaborately decorated cowoby boot that goes up the entire leg*
i was bullied and tortured at school because i was the only kid with a waterbed. so i got surgery and became a waterbed. suck my cock trolls
first you got th e 3d tv. now you got the 4k. whats next. 5
these shitty birdseed husks my canary rejected will make a fine Car
my wife gives birth to a beautiful vintage schlitz beer tap handle. i kiss her softly on the forehead &amp; put it on display next to the others
how can i get my 50year old co-workers more interested in the indie gaming scene.  how. *kicks trashcan* how. *punches car* how. *fires gun*
i take a vacation to hawaii to relieve myself of the Trolls. a group of hula girls begin beating me up &amp; calling me shit as soon as i arrive
people used to jack off to this guy back in the 90s. not me though 
&gt;&gt;ATTEMPTING TO SEND FILE 'LIST_OF_CARPETS_I_REFUSE_TO_FUCK_ON_PART1.doc' &gt;&gt;ACEPT &gt;&gt;PLEASE ACCEPT &gt;&gt;ATTEMPT FAILED
dunnno why people are spending $80 on yellow tinted gaming glasses when you can just piss all over your monitor for a similar effect
in order to alleviate the stress of having to witness sub par content on my feed, several of my followers have suggested that i try "Heroin"
when you leave a huge pile of barrels on the roof for no reason . you are literally actually supporting donkey Kong Tbh.
my uncle called me a Loser on television way before this guy';s uncle did it @cnn @reuters @infowars @gameinformer
every 100 years ,the world votes for a new Bible, to replace the old one. i honourably submit: The Joe Dirt Novel, writen by Spade, as bibl.
check out my interview in GolfVibe magazine, aobut my newest upcoming tweet, titled "Snowman Fucker"
going ape shit  at the gym.  rotating in full 360 degrees with the boys, flawlessly synchronized
if each of my followers send me 1 rag i might be able to clean up all the messes in my house
i am a cot and pickin "tells it like it is "son of a bitch
im like a mean old Rattler rwho types on the keyboard by repeatedly striking it with my poisonous mouth and teeth, and youre.. the dead guy,
wandering aroud w/ my thumb up my ass during Civil War 2, asking people to show me their posts so i can tell if i should grenade them or not
average person online: Durr!! Durr!! Me: That makes no sens.e Please be reasonable and not post the most inmature shit.
RT OFFICIAL: Michael Jackson (1958-2009) RIP -  #michaeljackson Suport Iran Fucker
Perhaps the tier I aspire to achieve the most is that of the Milk Bone brand. Such flawless precisIon. Beauty; Grace. Truly awe inspiring .
handing print outs of my most beloved arliss (arli$$) quotes to trick or treaters
faerie blogs,  faerie blogs,  faerie blogs...
never say to me, the word "WaWa"
everyone on this site thinks they're hard core but i bet if they took poison to weaken their bodies i would win fights against them handily
a bumblebee shit on my arm and it hurts
tried to take two screaming border collies into voting booth &amp; some 90yr old election official fought me&amp; yanked my pants off. fuck voter id
sub way has just announced that kid rock is the new jared and that when kid rock dies they will make the jared after him a black jared.
is the thanksgiving day parade canon. are we to believe that garfield would allow himself to float around and be yanked around with strings
mother fucker calling himself Elmer Fudd on the CS server, NEed I remind you that, on the show, Elmer Fudd's Kill Count is essentially Zero?
stressed out due to pistachio shit all over my shirt and computer desk . all posts canceled
hogan sex tape #MEDIa #TheMedia #notableSex ##fuckdf#lsd#####asjd#
im known to "Trick or Treat" from my neighbors mail boxes. they love it and it drives them wild. And it`s a bit of fun
clicked on discover button&amp; found my "Jokes" are coping technique designed 2 assuage guilt surrounding my faltering relationship with CHrist
these guys tried to run a hospital in AFGHANISTAN?? hello?? i dont know if you noticed, but theres a war there? U gotta use your heads folks
TIME: Why arent you live tweeting the big game. Why ME: id never forgive myself if i killed someone by pushing vital info off of their feed.
might try to improve my posts somewhat so i can get some followers who arent total bird brains . like 80% of you are just Dog shit
please do not say "top notch" to me unless you want to spend hrs explaining what the fuck these notches are &amp; who determines their hierarchy
my sources tell me that people are allowed to say the word "ass" on HBO.  can anyone confirm this
i sit down at my cubicle, roll up m y pants and pick scabs off of my legs for 9 hours, ignoring evoery call &amp; email i receive. i make $76/hr
my lawyer has just informed me that my official logo resembles an alien with a big dick. this is the My Lai Massacre of personal branding
"my mario tip:  Anything is possible in the world of Mario." - my mario tip
this codger is an absolute mate... the lad is a flintstone
 what hte fuck are you doing
it is extremely fair to say that my entire pelvic dick area resembles the singular breast of a pregnant European
pissed off because people are watching their precious football instead of asking me why im pissed off
who are my top creative influences? easy.  the geico cavemen. where do i draw the majority of my inspiration frpm? easy. the geico cavemen .
do not buy handicap parking decals from "ZepplinDoug777", they are fake and the cops will still bust u!!!!!
i didnt understand how interest at the bank works until someone explained to me its like storing cum up in your balls
Want 2 know what's worse than widespread voter fraud?? hipsters putting scary pumpkins on their porch every october
seems to me like im more and more the only person on this site who tweets wiht Integrity.
i cna list numerous occasions where i have been discriminated against in a racist fashion just because i am a content creator .
#TwitpicYourDunkContestReaction 
the dog from "Doge".. was assassinated today.. at the Pittsburgh Marriott durinng a "Meet &amp; Greet".. point blank with a sniper rifle.. Weird
i have renounced Teen in all its formes, and am now ready to embrace the mom revolution .
for the 9th time today a complete stranger has approached me on the street and told me to go suck some ass. "And still the brand endures"
some one explain please to me why the letter board at my local arbys has said "happy hour" for months now, before i get the police involved
shiting into a tube while earning $4 an hour from home
thr new pope has been chosen. you all ready for this?? his name is..... The Bible. #BloodOfTheEucharist #FwdThisIfYoureAWiseTeen #HeavenTeen
if youre putting together graphics for your book you can just use royalty free images of chicken legs instead of normal legs and it will look fine #art #tips #help #helpful #smart… 
incredibly handsome , charismatic famous boy credited with ending income inequality after saying that slumlords should be called "dumblords"
hello. what is your online user handle please? ok. ok thanks. blocked
MarioGodKenneth is stuck in israeli prison again and ive received $0 in donations towards his bail.
Politic's is back baby. It's good again. Awoouu (wolf Howl)
DEAR COP WHO BUSTED MY FRONT TEETH IN FOR SELLING TOWELS ILLEGALLY,  THANK U. IM ON THE RIGHT TRACK NOW. PETSMART HIRED ME TO JACK DOGS OFF
They read my posts on ellen. They read my posts on Meyers. Who the fuck are you. All your accounts are for children.  Unfollow me. (66/66)
COP: weve detected unusual amounts of cum being flushed down the toilet at your house. please stop ME: Thats not mine. Its uh,. my dogs cum
what's that bitch?? you say twitter is a "vacuous cesspool of lackadaisical platitudism"? yeah, i can make up words too: blublubludgyuhgh
people get mad at me when i riff on Current Events so ill just say this. im enjoying cooking turds on the grill regardless of what day it is
us military strikes deal with PepsiCo to waterboard all terror suspects with Mt Dew???  wish i had some of that Free Dew.  who is john galt
i fairly tend to use "Sarchasm" to destroy liars mentally, and if that's not yiur cup of tea, i have the 2 words for you which is Suck it !!
the News; - death cured; immortality real -on-line ghoul given plaque; recognized as "loudest human alive" - bird infiltrates macaroni grill
one man stands, bravely defiant, against the impending fury of my massive, raw ass. a Troll snaps a picture and puts it in some history book
can anyone confirm or deny that the "spooky dicks" they sell around halloween each year aren't just rebranded dildos
vin diesel as the Tooth Fairy??? Now I've seen every thing.
going to the fire station to kick all the firemens asses wearing my fat ass denim overalls
spitting out perfectly good pieces of hamburger meat into a napkin
hey @BurgerKing your trays dont fit in the fuckin trash cans. i am a CFO in real life and an oversight like this would cost me my Nuts .
[transfer of pug_dog_Spectacularly_gored_by_bull.flv completed]  oops. sorry. that's the wrong one. here [transferring lime.jpg]
just had a nightmare that my account was permanently suspended for referring to "the beach boys" as "the beach boy shit boys"
The Mueller report, is hipster
dont count the celebs out just yet, fellas.... i got the feeling theyre planning all sorts of those madcap stunts that drive all of us #WILD
Italian mobsters beat rival gangster with metal bars before feeding him to pigs, police investigation claims 
"we live in an exciting age because you can just go get downloads of anything. almost every day there is new downloads to get." -  OwedSex96
i would love to brutally kick the ass off of anyone who tries to be nice to me or be my friend on here
beard vs. ass
ive been raising my hell mastery quotient with faerie blood &amp; jazz musick to prepare for the town hall thugs coming to collect my leaf waste
[man leans into doorway of WTC bathroom] "Hey, you gotta finish up in there.  9/11 is happening." "Alright. Just a sec."
63 updates available? youre telling me thyere making my apps even better, for FREE? And to think these guys, get so much greif
thinking of wrapping my entire body in barbed wire and becoming Sovereign
my dick touched the floor by accident. im a god damned foolish imbecile
#replacemovienameswithbacon kevin bacon
My News Years Resolutions Is To Take My Dana Carvey Impersonations To The Next Leveal. (Pro Circuit Anyone?  We're In Talks)
somebody snuck into my yard and smeared shit all over my kony statue. people are monsters
i went to arizona accompanied by two desert goblins and smoked spirit leaf out of a human stomach
Vinyl Sticker Description: Unless You Are Nude Don't Touch This Truck Text On Product: Unless You Are Nude Don't Touch This Truck
apparel, 
the absolute best place to hide your nudes is in a file folder on your desktop labelled "Clothes"
my name id yogi. greetings from albania. i would like to put the new i pad in jail. thank you for reading to my message.
the thing i accidentally posted earlier about putting my used condoms in the dishwasher was a virus. my subsequent meltdown was also a virus
 the blood will set u free
whoever keeps adding "none of the characters ever piss or shit" to the "goofs" section of my indie film's IMDB page needs to wrestle my legs
According to @klout, I'm influential about: forums, religion and spirituality, and diaper 
do u, sir, take this cardboard cutout of 90s era David Spade to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and 2 hold, in sickness and in health,
i found a pill in the grass.  i think it was a drug pill.  i called "911".  good luck all
Thank you for your time, Elon. I know youre very busy but I appreciate you coming onto my feed. 
THE LAST UNBANNED ALCHEMIST ON EBAY
Real.Time.with.Bill.Maher.2013.11.15.HDTV-NO.SWEARING.EDITx264-2HD[kkkdracula]
enough.  i know you're all excited about your Mr Cool Ice 2010 calendars but do NOT post anymore spoilers aobut november and december
your video "stuart little: Why I dont buy it" has been removed due to hate speech against islam and pepsi
i'm wild about Setups
i turned myself into a skunk using an incantation posted by 11 year old girl on youtube. i should not have done this. please, please help m
if you're ever wondering if im some other guy, the answer is yes, im him, unless it's bad to be him, then im not him, im a different person.
 this shall adorn m y fucking tombestone.
got a big piece of velcro stuck to my big ass
becoming Inmortal and laughing . . .
there's a twitter room where people with verified accounts go to talk shit about me and shit on my good name and make me look like shit
*consults a sundial* Ah. Time To Carbo-Load
i tell you folks this damn itunes is something that you cant figure out unless you are a nasa guy
best is when you're shopping for bedsheets and you see one with a lousy thread count and you say to your buddies "this poiece of shit sucks"
"Device Lets Fully Paralyzed Rats Walk Again" -bunkum. i for one will not put up with this resurgence of walking rats and my followers agree
people who try to read my posts out loud in public get their ass beat. they get jumped and put out to pasture
Petition To Ban Actomom  93 of 1,999,999 Signatures
 dam! need 3d glass!
(cop inspecting his new body cam with huge pepperoni fingers) what the fuck is htis. where do i pack the ammo. is this a new type of grenade
take ntoe Hollywood: these superbowl ads teach us we can create compelling visual content better than any movie, WITHOUT resort to Vulgarity
in the end, i dont even care if the movie "Alladin" was made up.  It was a stupid movie anyway.
looking at my timeline, it seems that MetalGearEric has shifted from a Tier-B to a Tier-C poster ever since his grandma died.  imo ,
banned from BullShit public pool for  instantly turning water into Mud by jumping in it, begging lifeguard to end my life, etc and so Foreth
folks the only thing higher than Cheetch &amp; Chong—is gas prices (audience goes wild, hooting,screaming; starting Great Gas Price Riot of '15)
me,; attempting to heckle a stand up comedian: Hey pal I dont come to where you work and knock the dick out of oyur mouth!! Mother fucker
please lord my god contact a real life Japanese person so he can help m;e with my scott pilgrim fan translation project.
Tjhis guy fucking sucks 
i got banned from the official red lobster forums for posting "9/11". yet they say we're living in a post-9/11 world.....
kelly bluebook is my gf
before i drop 20.99 on these bad boys..can anyone tell me if im at risk of being murdered by the nsa if i wear these 
people are giving and receiving Respect at incredible speeds ... and it is all thanks to the humble computer chip
dictating some more nice posts to my keyboard boy while my wife straps me to the big spinning crross
i can telli f youre a drunk driver or not just by reading 2 of your posts
"History will show that Brexit was the correct choice, for the future of Great Britain.  I also do not believe in sex." - The_Brexit_Asexual
first they say we cant build mosques on ground zero. now we cant build the amazon headquarters. maybe we should go live in the fucking Woods
"We will wipe out Twitter. I don't care what the international community says." "They will see the Turkish republic's strength," he added,
i could not help but notice that everyone you see online is either really a dumb ass, or genius, or average intelligence
where cna i get a skeleton who will sit in my fridge all day and hand me the item i want whenever i open it
cancelling my livetweet of the pa flower show becaus of the SHIT you people have said to me, tthis is the bed you laid in, this is your hell
projects for Q4 2010-- michael cera's face tattooed on top of my regular face
reduced my weight gain goal to 300 lbs at the advice of my doctor
tekkenchauncey no longer allowed in my home after he took a picture of a pube on my toilet (that he probably planted) and used it to ruin me
It Is said, that the online content creator absorbs the combined pain of every follower 24 hrs a day—and that is why they cry in saddness...
entertaining twisted thoughts of putting bull shit on the back burner
U have accepted an E-kiss from "ShirtRemover". U have accepted an E-kiss from "ShirtRemover". U have accepted an E-kiss from "ShirtRemover".
 GLad to see this. Good to get the political process going.  Get the Vote out. "Get Involved"
please check out my new article "Allergy Season is Fucking Good Actually" which will shatter your precious little minds and make yo'u cry
it is indeed possible to shit too much. i would advise my followers to try to shit in multiple, smaller intervals , throughout the day.
MetalGearEric has offered to engage me in a formal debate as to whether or not santa claus's real name is "Winter Claus"
everyone screaming at me cus i accidentally made tge dog deaf by yelling memes at it. if the meteor kills us all i wont give a Fuckin Shit !
i enter a cavern and see a laptop perched on a rock. displayed on the screen is an image of my ass.  but how...?  a poison dart hits my neck
(browsing the secret arbys menu that only boys can look at) ah., lets see, ill take one Spicy Onion Concerto with a dollop of SmartCorn™
CLICK ON MY BIG DUMB DICK TO SUBSCRIBE TO MY USELESS NEWSGROUP
a tendency to substitute the word "Shit" with "Dust" when talking to girls (e.g. "just wiped a bunch of Dust out of my ass today")
watch the first 45 minutes of the film, read the entire beeteljuice manga, then watch the rest of the film, or fucko ff
uzbeks found attempting to modify their devices &amp; remove the Croods interface are subject to public lashings and fines of up to 10000000 UZS
WHAT ABOut MY FREE SPEECH *a bunch of child porn spills outof mouth* IM AS HUMAN AS THE REST OF U *Dick Flies Out Of Pants And Spins Around*
#10ThingsYouHateToDo jack off, not jack off, 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
arms begin to glow &amp; expand. "We must secure the existence of our people and a future for True Gamers." yes!! yes! im feeling more power tha
brand accounts should do cool shit instead of sucking Ass. they should post their dick and say they had to do it because they lost a bet
local church replaced with "The Simpsons lounge" where you can watch any episode of THe Simpsons &amp; buy themed drinks based on the characters
every day my inbox is inundated with women (female) claiming that they understand Mens Life, whereas all i can do is simply smile.
#iKnowImNotTheOnlyOneWho the pope
(POsturing like a dip shit at the public pool) My father owns no small number of shares at the smirnoff ice company. Let me be the lifeguard
building a casket for my babydaughter in minecraft in lieu of a real casket which i can not affort.
sub way is a pedophile... you guys see about this shit ?
my watch beeps whwich means its time to stand in front of my ex-wife's house and play "Hit THe Road Jack" while dacning and licking her mail
why hasnt twitter verified @AssBoss yet.  im certain that he's the real ass boss
looking at Mars Bar
I think if i put my mind to it, I could put a tree in my house like they do at the Cherry hill mall
if you ask me this election could end about 100 different ways: 1) trump gets 0% of the vote 2) trump gets 1% of the vote 3) trump gets 2% o
haha this vitter has probably gotten all sorts of boners on the Senate floor cause of the diapers. eyes buggin out, classic looneytunes shit
few things about this account. this is no gimmicks, strigaht from the hip, real shit. i dont "DO" pranks or gags. logged on, at your service
ah, aint it funny that folks these days are washing childrens mouths out with soap.. when they should be washing their mouths out with Hope,
And its onl y 1:pm.  Thread
Cool 
1) i do not owe you mother fuckers a damn thing 2) i will not hear any more questions or comments unless they pertain to MetroPCS, or Pepsi.
I mdade $400000 just by typing the words "Simpson and garfunkel" back in 2011 and u have the gall to @ me w/ ur little 200 ass follower acct
my stupid fucking little ass and my stupid little pecker with the balls on it are iconic, and me right now, and mood
California Tea Party to Use Dogs to Harass Muslim
bubba burger is short for "bubba hamburger" and the y take pride in serving absolute shit to nobodys
ennjoying a big bowl of condoms. twirling them around my fork like spaghetti
listen fuck wit. if you dont want me pissng all down the floor and the walls of your public restroom then make the urinals. bigger
a cool prank is to convince someone to join the Armed Forces and watch them get spooked by guns &amp; missiles in exchange for hollow gratitude
every celebrity on earth has succumbed to the Corona Virus?  Wow!! What a scoop!!!
watcging fred flintsone get his car tipped over by the big rack of ribs and yelling "Shit like this wouldnt fly these days" at the tv
#itsuckswhen my daughter gets mad at me for refusing to pay for her dental work
"Mr. Legs Dubai 2006"
DICKSLAVE NUMBER 288, DICKSLAVE NUMBER 122, AND DICKSLAVE NUMBER 195 WALK INTO A BAR. THEY ORDER THREE DRINKS AND MAKE POLITE CONVERSATION
tellling my miserable wife and sons all about the Importance of Media
nuke obtained by renegade AssFreak
looking at some pictures of dracula,
well im going to keep this brief. i overexerted myself while responding to emails and got put up in the hospital. i basically need lungs now
its a matter of kicking your chairs and floor to unleash the prime soul, THE HEART BEAT IN TUNE WITH GRESHA; every body has the snake side
if you put one of those 280 character junkheaps on my feed ill flip a coin to decide if i should block you. i will let God choose your fate.
hakuna mycoffee. .. #Understandable 
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Has A New Wine Out. I'm Dying To Try It But I Find His Governing Policies Questionable At Best. Such Is My Life Of Shit.
i would like to remind our nation's youth to burn their mcdonald abd burger king cups after use so mobsters cant hide IEDs in them
A GATHERING OF MISCHIEVOUS IMPS FIRE UP THE NINTENDO 64 AND RUN MARIO UP THE ENDLESS STAIRCASE FOR 1 HR
I HAVE COMBED THE INNERMOST REACHES OF DARKNET TO BRING YOU THIS REALLY SICK PICTURE OF PEOPLE FUCKING EACH OTHER IN SUITS OF ARMOR
Well, the time has come. But before I officially grant DigimonOtis the coveted @Dril follow, I would like to say a few words.
oh no!!! what if we lose??? what if they blow up the New York Stock Exchange and force us all to wear Womens pantys?? Help!! Help!! 
yea i torched the dennys. and i woudlve gotten away with it, if i werent the only guy in town with a custom jersey that says "My Wife" on it
droitos should make hamburgers
Bog Off, Fuckazoid. Im Cramming Packets Beyond Digital Light Speed ,Injecting Pure Fire Into The Blogomedia SuperFrame For The God Damn Lord
this is the bad watch thread. post bad watches here. if your reply does not have a bad watch in it you will be blocked 
URGENT—From CEO of Pampers USA LLC: "The singular noun associated with our product is 'PAMPERS™ Brand Diaper'.  It is not called a 'Pamper'"
just doing some nude sunbathing in this gender neutral target restroom. i hope i dont get my dick sucked
" Trump Sucked Me " and " Trump Sucked Me... Again! "
fondly remembering in 2013 when microsoft made a hail mary to try to convince everyone to put an online camera in their living rooms for fun
before you go around muting my posts and blocking this or that , its important to consider the Shit that i bring to the table
Nacho Libre Tight Dick Shots - Nacho Libre Best Ass Crack Vids - ripped by x_vArEz_x ©2006
ive had it up to here with this benghazi fella.  callin up a few rowdy boys to do some jumping jacks on his lawn
ok. so apparently throwing knives at my car is A Thing now. apparently my Emphatic Capitalization is frowned upon by People Who Read Words
my ass has become too powerful for even me to contorl. tonight , i will sit on the hibachi grill at benihana and put an end to this hell
i paid good money for these sweatpants and i reserve the right to wear them to Game Stop without the wiseass brigade photographing mmy rear.
driving down the highway at 30mph laying on the horn protecting myself with a shield of Noise
im out here in the yard trying to clean up my turds with a hair brush
i can not, in good conscience, condone a "SANDERS" presidency because i once vividly imagined him walking around while twirling a pistol
FOOL: Love to get a bee in my bonnet ME: theres no possible way you could love that. take this down immediately FOOL: Ah, foiled again
warning: shrek brand cadmium contains shards of broken glass
Asexual VR
there are secret offices all over the country full of men in business attire who consume porn for 9 hrs and go home. they dont even jerk off
metal chains begin to fly out of every hole of my computer while i scream like a fucking iddiot in a child's comedy film
be warned america. 1st they get us fired from amtrak for saying jacking off in the control car is good, next they start poisoning our wendys
just yanked 3 bundles of rebar off a construction site and into my truck. now im going to biuld my own pizza hut
just like the time my buddy " chustin " Ate Shit on that ramp we made out of horse bones
.@fBisky d o it mother fucker, i thrive off of hell energy, i feed off of hater bullshit
INTERVIEWER: do you have customer service experience ME: if I catch a customer shoplifting I will serve him a knock out. I will own his life
cumstarter.  i need 500 liters of cum to start a projec.t  i dont know its some bacon blog.  who gives a fuck
please stop saying barnum &amp; bailey is suing me for "stealing their clown routine". they are suing me for very serious and legitimate reasons
#Trumps1stYearAtHogwarts 
its absolutely my right to have a 90 yr old woman scrupulously vacuuming around my enormous bulk at all times while i groan and roll my eyes
in talks with twitter execs to make my account unblockable, and also Worse
my friends, theres nothing i enojy more than a capsule of beer , while tasting beer with other 18-34 year olds, at the beer store
every argument i have ever made in my live has been in good faith you fucking slob dopey bitches
rogue mythbuster shoots cop at virginia tech; was aiming for water-filled trash cans
THank u all, for sharing the Online experience with me. Pretty damn good if i do say so my self. Aahh, just breathe it in. I'm illiterate
The Bayer corporation proved the link between Masturbation and Homosexuality in 1968. Thbe debate is over.
Former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan (R) joined by daughter Patti Davis at the premiere of the film "Stuart Little 2" 
Cool, But Gay
this weeks "Mother Fucker" award goes to BabePigMovieMan for saying my dick looks "Crumpled up like a napkin"
I'm Sorry For Raising Cain At The Out Back Steak House Even Though It's Still Bullshit That They Refuse To Serve Me A Plate Of Just Croutons
my IQ has increased 10 points ever since i stopped tollerating people mucking about, on the time line
considering improving the quality of my posts somewhat, so i can get the MacArthur Genius Award, for them
entire bullshit of gas prices deconstructed by large boy who is partial towards treating him self
ok which one of the trolls told some company in Singapore that im interested in bulk purchases of cheap laminate flooring. i demand answers.
*steps out on stage twirling a cane and accidentally hits self in the dick 100 times * AAAWGHHH
Eatinh a 26 dollar hoagie.
i'm really good at reciting my favorite quotes because my voice sounds like a cool movie character and isn't all fucked up and high pitched
I consider making my posts good a Moral Imperative . I owe it to my follower's to deliver them a product completely devoid of Nude imagery .
may god help you if you trip your feet against my handsome bulk while i am sitting on the floor looking at Depression things on my tablet pc
i hate it when my dick gets dredged in flour, egg and breadcrumbs, in that order
thinking about displaying an authentic harley davidson denim vest in a box frame to really tie my rec room together and make it suck ass
banne d from the Laugh Factory after getting on stage and forgetting if husbands like the toilet seat up or down
while you were watching the teen choice awards, i was watching the classic episodes of the teen choice awards from back when they were good.
police are finding lots of Bad Food, theyve been yanking it otu of the ocean for about 10 minutes now on the news, i pray for the families
consider the cornerstone of my beloved acct..the "Follow Back Guarantee." i will follow you back always... no matter how much you suck shit,
now, all trhis talk in the media about me not wiping my ass; i dont know where all this is coming from. if any thing, i wipe my ass too much
if someone can get me the quran written in saddam hussein's blood i will use it to craft a Blade and i will let you touch the blade one time
The Vagina Monologues, But For Gamers
going nuclear on smart asses today, with the block button, Whilst enjoying my normal life with a cup of Porter Brew and eating Main Lobster.
you call these posts?? i call them " CON JOBS " ....
Saving $400000 a year by eating bugs and little tiny pieces of shit .
15 years ago the most shocking thing online was a picture of a man spreading his ass cheeks open. today, it's my opinions about Wet shaving
kim dotcom was a hero.  he loved to piss more than anyhting.  he would piss into Real Dolls and throw them in the garbage. no toilet
looking at pictures of rotisserie chickens i wish i could maul with my bare hands
knuckles mashed into my ass cheeks at all timse.  new media singularity or what have you
(rreads a series of Enlightened posts and becomes smart) AH. Hm, this is good. (reads a troll post and becomes a dumb ass) Damn Fuck !
"Ur honor, if Mr Pibb was truly this man's uncle, then surely hed be able to dazzle us with Pibb Merch" JUDGE:damn he's right. No Pibb Merch
#The12DaysOfContent 
im joining the army and then im joining ufc if im not too fucked up from the army. and thats the cold facts
ill be hiding under the floorboards and snorting herbs for stress relief energy until i am ready to face my guinea pigs again
nice bundle of &lt;URI GELLER PEZ DISPENSERS&gt;, many of which appear to be ruined by human teeth marks but some of them are ok
$1000000 Post: julian assange walking out of the ecuadoran embassy covered in shit and saying do not go in there like ace ventuera
#ObamasPresidencyInTwoWords IN1993OBAMAWASWITNESSEDCARVING ALCHEMYGLYPHSINTOAPUBLICBENCH
if ur wrestling coach calls himself "mr feet pics" and has pictures of feet all over his office, break his trophies for dishonoring the game
i think that turning myself Gay in the summer of 2013 would really impress my overseas investors
Time and time Again. People on here Fuck me over and ruin my life. simply for starting the Dialouge
"jail isnt real," i assure myself as i close my eyes and ram the hallmark gift shop with my shitty bronco
The Dick Head On Team Chat Whose Smoke Detector Needs A New Battery: Does any one in here know how to fedex a pit bull
mmph *dips another tostito into an ashtray full of ketchup * ah it's so good *licks salty residue off of my bloated purple fingers* mhmm
posting Ethically, within reason
i would sooner die than relinquish ownership of my dale carnegie mousepad to either of my fat sons
to me, the white and yellow lines that get painted to the roads are mostly a nuisance. i say let's #TakeEmOff
a mudslide engulfs a small village as I obliviously powerwash my bluejeans uphill
projectile drooling: im the only person in the world who does this.  doctors refuse to help me
thank you for emailing me the picture of the pillsbury doughboys dick while my dad and all my uncles were standing right behind me. Not
there`s no job harder than that of the Media Personality. there are so many massive pedophiles who you have to not accidentally say are good
forced to remove my famous "DANGER: MAY CONTAIN LETHAL LEVELS  OF SARCASM !!" sign from the front door of the poolside shed that i live in
my body is 70% water mother fucker.  guns cannot harm me
thinking of abandoning dreams of becoming a Senator, so i can post about yelling "Fuck" in the bathroom because i accidentally became racist
i will never have, never have thought of, and never will think about, engaging in "Raw Dog"  intercourse wih my wife
(bowed head solemnly rises from deep thought) Intellidgence is the strength of wisdom
Waiters do not put the big silver dome over our food before serving it anymore because of politics culture
my most significant personal cultural advancement in the past 10 years is thhat i no longer think the restaurant "Chili's" is any good
nice mug..  the words should be on the side thoguh 
 buuy me this if oyu love my content and want to rescue me from eternal misery
daddy `s Gamer medicine 
(apprehensively tries pouring some orange juice and knocks the glass over like a piece of shit ) ah , they dont make em like they used to...
if i had the technical expertise to make "rage comics", i would do one about the cop who caught me trying to take my computer into the sewer
big pharma. if youre reading this i have an idea for a pill that makes you tinier so you can fit into secret zones. i will let you invent it
i stepped out of my stretch limo with "garbage toucher' painted on the side, brushed some shit off my boots and said "I'm garbage toucher"
whos gonna rake all these leaves up??  the police? #TheThursdayNiteRant
tryinh to convince girls on here to sync all 655 episodes of "Hee Haw" with me, telling them its like SNL but nice
that was it. the rants over. stop sending me messages
when you click on the tweet and it says "Whoops! Something went wrong" thats how you know its good
straight up-- im not here to make friends. im not here to socialize. im here because this is the only professional Mr. Bucket league in town
NOTIFICATION FROM LAST.FM - "RAUNCHY - BILL JUSTIS.MP3" HAS BEEN LOOPING ON YOUR COMPUTER FOR 9 YEARS NOW, AMBULANCE IS COMING
perhaps one of my most egregious viral marketing blunders was inciting radical islam by reading my controversial Dick Clark tweets on vimeo
the one major design flaw which plagued the iron maiden from the start were the large spikes that would stab anyone who tried to live in it
any gay scientist out there who want to experiment with my dick.  pour gay chems on it.  inject stem cells into it.  i dont care anymore
congrats all. thanks to your tireless efforts, and unrelenting, coordinated aggression, the cheese cake factory now serves, "The Eucharist"
#WhyGunsAreBetterThanLiberals THE 63RD SEAL MUST CONSUME THE SHADE OF BLOODFALL IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE NIGHT COMMAND, ANDMICHAL MOORE IS FAT
wikiHow: Home » Categories » Philosophy & Religion » Paranormal Beliefs » Ghosts - how to revive princess diana and secure the blood throne
Charles Chaplin
MGM STUDIOS CAN U CONFIRM THAT MR. DUSTIN HOFFMAN HAS SEEN THE VIDEO I SENT OF ME MUCKIN AROUND IN A PILE OF LEAVES?? OK ILL CALL BACK LATER
YOU: jacking off is everything. jacking off is my raison d'être ME: jacking off is a zero sum fool's game and im clicking x on this chat now
up until I was about 17 i believed that bugs were baby rats
wlel, it's almost time to deliver grandma's eulogy. the perfect time to announce that i'm quitting my job at IBM and becoming a SuicideGirl
im an adult, and i deserve to listen to the verison of the super bowl shuffle where thw word "Ass" is not censored by the referee `s whistle
all the youth thhese days look like dead eyed little perverts because they are not incorporating Geritol into their daily routine
 basically just search "earthquack"
taking a Diagonal shit.
we all have our own way of grieving. *sinks teeth into huge ass medium rare t-bone steak with "WITNEY" written on it in ketchup*
the rock spots a small pile of jabroni turds left carelessly on the floor of his ring. he postures defiantly as the audience hoots and jeers
running a search for "fuck church" every sunday morning and scrolling through the assortment of wild teen yells is my version of church
RESULTS ARE IN: The Pibb Xtra 2012 Gold Prize is rewarded to "Football".  The Pibb Xtra 2012 Stinker Award goes to the fireman shooter.  Bye
this mother fucking snake who wrote this apartment listing is trying to pad the list of amenities with shit like "dart board"
fbi agents are hiding theur guns in toilets so they can arrest you for shitting on government property. do not be fooled by this dirty trick
ladys i will not Fuck you if you smell like shit. look up darwin theory
the most disgusting accounts on here are making claims like, "Fred Flintstone is a pimp" , with zero evidence
i tried to drown myself in the toilet but my neck is too big to allow my face to reach the water so now im downloading some nice blogs
the shithead principal cowers under his desk and uses a stethoscope on the floor to listen for my rough n' tumble boots and trademark Gait
Playsy some @TOADM , all of the Rap Likers begin to cry "My God, Our Music Was Fake All Along", as I take a well-earned sip of Pibb Xtra
Cigar mommys
someday mankind will evolve beyond "jokes" and i'll be allowed to paint big ugly dicks all over my house without suffering derisive laughter
the anti flintstones agenda. by saying bull shit like "Yabba dabba dont" the pro-Jetsons Associated Press is flagrantly exposing their Ass. 
#TenThingsNotToSayToAWriter im going to piss all over your car. for being a Writer.
my putty stance. fuck all putty 
A MERE Musing From  A Troubled Husband, Strengthened Through Time: "Let the birds have their bird seed, and unto us boys, the Beer seed"
in short, my greasy chest hair has finally achieved complete fusion with my filthy blues brothers bib, and i am now essentially a cyborg
- barack "knock 'um down" obama -  - mad rodney -  - chemtrail -  vote now
Just looking at some stuff that i clicked on.
man throwing chairs compilation 2018- uploaded by the games codger
the professional youtube reaction man who pays me $3 an hour to scrawl his account name on the walls of womens toilets just died of cholera
GOD Damn fuckin.. Retro,. classic shit, ah *Face Turns purple and begins crying* sorry. i'm sorry.  I'm a dipshit.  I'm a fucking idiot
i will respect the wishes of th e mayor and the townsfolk by not fucking the pumpkin patch and ruining the harvest, only if i am given $100.
ME: why am i just the man for the job? lets see. i love hamburgers, i love to help, HAMBURGER HELPER CEO: Leave these hallowed halls at once
i ask everyone to watch my recital but before i can begin i immediately slip and fall into the yellowstone supervolcano and my dick explodes
im quitting my job as muscle beach lifeguard to achieve my dream of becoming the north korean secretary of teen moms
the accident was not my fault. the speed bag installed in the roof of my car was obscuring my view. also the driver was a fake version of me
im startingmy own version of bill maher's "new rules" called "Good rules". It's going to fucking suck
the games they're putting out these dsys. Damn. Theyre so good that you never even see gamers with depression anymore
using my turn at a karaoke bar to try to do a 5 miunte routine that basically just says bryan singer is the new gawker writer or something
Bot.
4.2 TB of VR compatible slo-mo footage featuring a man with no teeth shooting a bra using a dsr precision sniper rifle and pistol wipping it
the next perspn caught posting anymore lewd comments regarding the green lady M&M to my home & garden web book will be reported to the FBI.
tactical knuckle man
all snowmen are abominable. mockery . spit in gods face
oh so when a pro foorball player makes a fake GF everoyne sucks his dick but when nice boys like me do it the cops demolish her with batons,
==ultimate mom pics==
my follower count nosedives dramatically each time i do this but #The12DaysOfContent must continue 
cursed pair of google glasses adds world star hip hop watermark to everything i look at and cannot be removed from face
seems to me, life is aoubt "STICKS" Age: 1-20 : Selfie Stick Age 21-90: Walking stick
go ahead, son. fuck your life up by taking that job as an ostrich breeder instead of working at my really good law firm until youre disabled
please leave, sir.  your vulgar, senseless displays may be tolerated at K-Mart, but not here at Super K-Mart
The Brand Ayatollah
expliaining to wife what the phrase "pussy nexus: beyond pussy" means and why it has appeared on my credit card statement like 8 times
as punishment, the townspeople force me to wear a prominent, scarlet letter "A", which stands for "a big piece of shit who loves crime"
some times I have a hard time playing my favorite songs on itunes, and I wish I had my astronaut's degree from nasa to help me play it !!
everoy father's day my dad would take me out on a picnic, and he always filled our picnic basket with dirt, because dirt is the shit of God
i am legally required b y the state of wyoming to tell all of you that i was caught fucking urinal cakes. i am a urinal cake fucker
i attached a middle finger to each blade of my ceiling fan and i make it spin even when it's cold inside because it looks very much bad ass
put an egg in ur mouth before the dentist, then when he opens ur mouth he cant mess with your teeth cause there's an egg there. #lifehaclk??
my dick and my ass look like theyre from 2 different races of people. i typed this in the status box 14hrs ago &amp; im just pressing submit now
i am a Gentleman's Son and i deserve the big gravy boat
unlike the rest of you clowns, i want to watch dog the bounty hunter's entire body morph into a fingerless leather glove for ASEXUAL reasons
.@Budweiser Check out my tweets.  I like the stuff you post on here.  Please, have a look at my page. Love the 'Weiser. Bye.
replying to massive amounts of flagrant screwball tweets with words like "Tedious" followed by a period
trying to take my barbell into the mens room ansd failing to get it through the doorway like a dog with a large stick
i shoukld be allowed to do kindergarten again. im pretty sure i would absolutely fucking nail it this time
fucked up my hand while trying to pry open a jar of cherries with a Shuriken
Geting my ass kicked by italian guys in the tiny bathroom at the back of the bus
microwaving my ass hole in the microwave 
the Harvard bomb threat guy svhould have called a bomb threat to octo mom's house instead #UHOH
Hhm, Nope 
posting detailed plans aobut how im going to start trying out different shampoos on a gaming forum at age 52
theres a fucking mattress lying in the middle of route 70. it's still there i think. check it out if you're in the area and you like mattres
dont talk to me of trade agreement when the only thing we can agree of is that charlatans &amp; mad hatters have overrun the waushington office.
"auuahuhuh" some nerd who wears glasses probably right now
shame on you for assuming I tattooed "Yes Yes Ya'll" on my newborn infant's head for a less than 100% justifiable reason
inexplicable dip in google hits on my web site "Wayne Tracker," which has provided up to date info on the upcoming Waynes World 3 since 1998
iran suports team coco or what have you.  goodnight
get yourself a few dozen trash bags and stash them in a drawer somewhere. never know when you might need em #TheSaturdayMorningRamble
gov bans pit bull fighting because they are scared of the power pits can achieve by gaining BOth strengh & wisdom in the barbwire gauntlet
911 WAS SATIRE U FUCKING IDDIOTS, IT WAS AN IRONY, THE MOST POIGNANT WORK OF ART IN CENTURYS #tcot #teaparty #GOP
#5wordsbeforesex IM GONA FUCK
sometimes bags of food say the true shit that were all afraid to 
eat bird shit 
i would value my semen at a respectable $140 per gallon woth a 98% accuracy rating . #WhatsThatLoadWorth
SOLVE MY ASS
mint wine
released statement regarding Grumpy Cat urinary tract infection: "Grumpy Cat is in a lot of pain, but still wants to entertain you at shows"
ohhh anOTHER solar eclipse, you say ??  gee i cant wait.. *does the Jerk Off motion until the sun supernovas itself out of shame*
just fired 300 Journalists . And it feels so good
#momsandbrands now were talkin. can i network here. i'm a normal, real person. i think youre all good #LonelyWantuingDates #GoodAtBrandsAlso
wow.. just watching the cnn channel here.. amazed by how they know all the news so well.. Extraordinary
my big april prank: scream about my dick for 5 years on a website that people normally use to socialize with friends and loved ones
Whats great is I can get online &amp; read 100 peoples opinions about Kevlar Vests, and at least 2 of them are guaranteed to be probably correct
From here on, I will refer to the upcoming Super Bowl as the “Treason Bowl”.
chose your fighter 
people will tell me shit like "oh you cant say kofi annan was no fap. no evidence" and i say, how dare you sully a mans grave, with politics
if you want the real bargains during boys night out... gotta go with the Children's menu... every time
thte international space station is visible from earth at the following times: Nerd Time
a good commercial idea would be a cop who pulls a guy over ansd steals the out back steak house gift card from his wallet while checking id
sometimes i love to be able to want to be the man who is able to want to need to have his wants and needs able to be fulfilled sometimes
apologies to guys named "clay". that's like one step above dirt
roving online gangs are promoting disrespect of brand leaders on this very platform #HonestyHour #Police
im a tennis ball and my primary mode of transportation is being pushed around by animal piss
you gotta check out my posts
judge refusses to award my criminal ex-wife ANY of my retweets or favs in the divorce proceedings #BLAMMO
"Games rules." - the unknown gamer; c. 1998
Ive been sniped in the nuts by Topgolf customer service . Folks I have never been more fucked in the ass than i am currently right now.
(sending image of delicious meal i stole from a group dm to a girl) yeah i ate this
i have cleaned all the dirt out of my fingernails and will be posting new pics of them shortly. i want to be liked on here.
my ass is out again,. this time at the opera house. "no wifi!! turn on the wifi!!" i yell from the balcony. im trying to shit but i cant
i would really like to attend my grandsons funeral but at the same time i just want to sit in bed and explore my body with a peacock feather
LING240 - Foundations of Applied Linguistics Transfer Equivalency: WAZ101 - how to do wazzup voice (4 credits)
Your "I Love TD Bank" Car Decal Fucking Sucks
this is the episode of sliders where they get transported to Hitler Earth, where everyon carries the appearance & manneurisms of adolf hitl
time for another rant. fuck igloos. shitty ice house.s  too cold. for more rants check out my site. send paypal to theloneranter@rantman.com
im the guy who airbrushes the nipples out of pro wrestling ads. i make $85k a year. but i have a secret *removs shades to reveal nipple eyes
I own the best law firm in the tri-state area, my wife earns $200,000 a year making ginger bread houses, and we will never hire a US Veteran
no.  the marine chant has always been "Oprah", not "oorah".  you've just been mishearing it this entire time.  "oorah" isn't even a word
i saod it once i say it again—the pain of being a content creative influencer, and dealing with peoples shit, is like child birth on "Crack"
got that content that drives u wild #fw @HellLife @ShitGirl @simpson94170212 @GymGod @GunMagnet @SpitoonMan @DragonSex @LifeAlert420 @Guns6
i lvoe and cherish all of the girls of this site, and other websites.  you all become my wife more and more with each passing day. Thank you
the 3 poossible reactions i have to tweets 1) nodding sagely 2) slapping forehead &amp; saying "Aw man!" 3) adding it to my muted word list
yes trolls. unlike you, i have a brain. its called a " JOB "
i have been saiyng this for years now.  Just look at the digimon otis account 
(does some notes on a guitar) I Have been through my life a good man. I am a clever man (does some more notes and fucks it up) I m nice too
another Twisted observation—Where the fuck does cinnamon come from. it just appears on food sometimes. Do people buy it at the store or what
asimo is a weakling. it cannot stand up while being punched. they didnt program it to fight or defend itself. i will probably win this
The Pillsbury Dip Shit
why do clowns have such big shoes. that's not funny. it is just ignorant. no wonder circuses are dying #TheThursdayNiteRant
my dick looks like an SNL skit, and if you dont want me to open the dialoge of this... go ahead &amp; unfollow this Acct! I am used to the pain!
id like a discount on this used tort law textbook please.  the last guy who had it drew female versions of Garfield on a bunch of the pages
another stir-up at the office when relatably handsome professional refuses to remove sticker from khakis that says "my other pants is jeans"
attempting to hand hundred dollar bills to the ailing sheldon adelson like duce nukem
getting my cudgel autographed by a law officer
hell no i wont wear a sleeping cap. what the fuck is that shit. how does a hat help you go to sleep. looks like, a Fools hat.
#2011predictions theoretical physicists will rejoice when high-speed particle collisions finally produce measurable evidence of My Smal Dick
blesssed to have over 200 mannequins propped up around my house in vulgar positions, and the accompanying "Love my manny`s" bumper sticker
i was one of the villains in WWE. mmy name was "Loser Fuckface Nerd " and my catchphrase was "i cant fight them! theyre too strong"
nobody has earnestly called a donkey an "ass" since the bible was written. stop fucking up my clipart searches with this nonesnse
sequestered shelter in place in the vip room of fatburger with 12 "lady's of the evening" geiting my entire shit honked like a old car horn
apology letter to the juadge for grinning in his courtroom whenever someone mentioned my fun &amp; clever web handle (SexBug) during proceedings
Bobby Boucher: Now that's what I call high quality H2O. #WaterboyWednesday
chaplain era silent motion pictures where basically the first subbed anime . click to read more
there is NOTHING wrong with having 1 Million Doallrs  you are NOT defined by your one million dollars...  having 1 Million Dollars is normal
Small Meerschaum Pipe, the Bowl in the Form of a Remarkably Naturalistic and Expressive Head of an African-American Male Slave... 
Keep Colm and Look at  my posts
cant wait to get back to iraq and blast some ragheads-- itll be just like halo but with less lag #tcot #nowTHATSghetto #nowplaying #bun
i hop the world cup isnt painted with cadmium unlike some other cups that will remain nameless.
NEVER MAKE ANYTHING IN FLASH - FUCK PLEASE GOD @adobe #shit
"hey, you know what people like to smell while eating?? feet and piss" - guy who decided to put playground tunnels in fast food restaurants
seems to me.. sometimes... you just have to say speak the true things which remain unspoken.
(reporter following me into my car) Sir sir. You look like shit.  Whys your head look wet.  Sir
we succeed where many businesses fail, by offering a comprehensive program wherein I (Me) will run your dick over in my wheelchair, for free
some pf you are definitely a 1. i truly believe the carelessness you exhibit with your sloppy posts is reflected also by your dire ass hole.
see if you can ascertain the recurring theme within this artist's compositions  
Bllesed 
agent scully found me freezing to death at the mountaintop. "drink of my breastmilk, it's the only way youll live" she cries, and i say "ok"
the secret fruit that oprah eat`s to become more psychic can now be ordered "ONLINE"
#WorstDateIn5Words i tune
which of you is ``WACKIN OFF`` on here tonight..............
HMm, it seems after years of reading my posts, everoyne is still miserable &amp; dumber than shit. Maybe i should post like 100 more times a day
im so sorry you had to go through that.... i apologize on behalf of all guys who dump huge bags of turds and piss off of overpasses
wiping out an entire archaeological site by drifting in my 1500-ton big rig truck with "piss up my ass bitch boy" on the side in neon lights
heads up: they got free toilets at mcdonalds now
my last two post were virus, disregard thm
buying some golf cleats? bet U high society FUCKS like to step on each others COCKS with these. i own this foot locker. your'e a child here.
oh this?  just a little something i enjoy looking at in my house every day 
stepping into fiveguys hq, just listing hundreds of brand new chef-inspired value combos off the top of my head. Boom. just like that. 1 2 3
either my neighbor has been running a vacuum all day, or producing a consistently loud, droning noise with his mouth somehow
Teens React To Noise. Teens React To Bugs. Teens React To The Normalization Of Warfare. Teens React To Teens Reacting. Teens React To Fritos
struting around in my stepson cowboy hat looking for an ass kicking
done retweetinh husband accounts. it has become Trite, and Obnoxious to me.
bringing the doctors note to game stop saying im allowed to buy as many games as i want and touch myown face if i want to
mmy appreciation of pat sajaks wardrobe is extremely well known; and is the only aspect of my life that is not shrouded in complete disgrace
i hope someone steals my tweets. because.. theyre bad! haha load them up in a big chuck wagon and take them to criminal hq where they belong
welchs juicemakers, (pauses a moment to collect self, holding one finger up, audience hanging on my crucial forthcoming words) but for piss,
how many more wasps do i have to mash into my forehead before I gain their stinging abilit.y  damn
Its impossible for me to respect someone who is wearing an arm cast. UYou look like a mummy from egypt. Remove it
jsut want to take some shitty roll of wallpaper from the 70s and tell the Men's Warehouse to get their finest craftsman to make a suit of it
I CRY INTO THE TOILET BECAUSE ITS WHERE MY WORTHLESS TEARS BELONG #LIFEHACK
#questionsobamawontanswer SHOW US YOUR DICK
moseying up to the girl on campus and whispering in her ear "got that fuckin pizza hut p'zone in my backpac" and straining my face intesnely
i do not say this lightly, i would do what ever means necessary to protect my beloved posters from the devilish hands of otto Warmbier
LIKE WANTING TO KNOW WHEN I GET TO SAVE BIG BUCKS FOR PENNYS ON THE DOLLAR AND GET RICH CHEAP
someone has filled the Stanley Cup with... BLood?? my god. such a powerful statement. how could we have been so blind. Sports is cancelled
they made 666 the satan number because that's how many hours it took me to learn how to roll a cigarette
Are U for Real #AreUForReal
the rumors are true, my posts are all written in GMT Time; "Giving My Thoughts" .
thinking about how good the Hanging Gardens of Babylon would be, if it wasnt ruined by its obnoxious fanbase
everyone giving me shit over the teen things I said is mad because im able to conSistently put up the good opinions before them &amp;get the RTs
the reason dogs constatntly bark at me everywhere i go is that dogs are animals that were born in shit and are a bullshit animal in history.
"octo mom" will never be allowed to join mensa or the fortune 500.  just saying the damn truth like it is
doctor: you have a hoof growing in your brain. like a goat's hoof. its horrifying, unprecedented &amp; fatal me: is it true they do 420 in hhere
yes, the rumours are true. i do workouts
Yiou have to be really smart to get 250k followers on here. It doesnt just happen to you if you post false info about your ass for 7 years
#LeaveItIn2012 bin laden.  kil;l the piece of shit
ive beenn using Confidence and Self Esteem lately, to get unprecedented deals on discarded promotional displays at game stop
its disgusting to create the illusion on tv that animals are talking with cgi or otherwise. a disgraceful tactic
mc donads big hamburger no tomato on rye
i'm absolutely covered head to toe in lotion and i am ready to sign on. you all have the privilege of interacting with a fully lotioned man
(in highly rational and cool voice) i have the higher follower count than them. i wiont let them undermine me
who cares about patrick swayze he hasnt even done anything for like a year
I hate the really small salt shakers and long for the times when we owould be inclined to more often use the big salt shakers at restaurants
a tiny lapel pin shaped like the twitter verified account icon stops the assassins bullet and spares mmy cruel, filthy life
to truly under stand the #gamergate ... we must first ask ourselves.... "What.. Is.. Gamer..." **gazeing into the fire place*
i refuse to conform to typical standards by being "clever" or "funny ". i will never betray my spiritual honor by "posting good things"
inspirational... 86 year old man circumcised by doctors in Zaire... "It's never too late" "Blessed."
the last indie twitter acocunt. ..yeah thats me
CONFIRmed in corocoro magazaine: "Donkey kong is Diddy kong's Mom". gamers i can assure you this is the most tantalizing gender scandal yet.
gentlmen: a crisis. my official pizza hut rage face widget reports that ive posted the "Wtf Face" 138 times in may 2012 alone. trouble ahead
TheFrugalWearer taught me how to make diapers out of duct tape and packing peanuts, and i will NOT let youtube censor him. america is FUCKED
right now theres guys covering their dicks in bird seed to trick birds into sucking them. and youre all here talking about post office...
THis is not a "Meltdown". Its a normal opinion
imagine a world where we could all smell our turds while theyre still in our body.  capital one whats in your wallet
us military displays extremely rare princeess diana beanie baby w/ certificate of authenticity in the most devastating show of force to date
#ThreeWordsSheWantsToHear always Handsome gamer #ThreeWordsSheWantsToHear loud but Nice #ThreeWordsSheWantsToHear COrdial, and unafraid
im not breathing correctly because of the amount of people who insist on showing me the number of 69, which is the password for sex.
the point being that thte damn computer should know exactly which download i want when i type "'chris matthews mindfreak" into the bing bar
going to burn dOwn my power lines and go off the grid for a bit until all the smug butthurt  drama fedorra script kiddy fanboys take a hike,
my previous tweet was not the thursday nite rant. first off, it doesn't contain the hashtag. secondly, it's wednesday afternoon right now
Donald Fump.  Poop fuck
guess what smart guy. cavemen didn't brush their teeth either, but look how strong they were. they also detested sports
 +||+||+||+ HAcKeD by KFCDominica +||+||+||+ ,,\,, Fuk U ..\.. +||+||+||+   ︻デ┳═ー /̵͇̿̿/'̿'̿ ̿  - /̵͇̿̿/'̿'̿ ̿
need nonviolent methods to knock out these security cams fucking up my protest of public toilet
does anyone else think that @DigimonOtis has been going downhill lately.? wouldnt be surprised if he sold his account to some reddit guy.
Give this the retweet if you agree that ALL beanie babies deserve to be worth $100 , and also that Water boarding is not tortore
simpsons marches onward into season 394. characters morph into grotesque mockeries over 100s of years. homer advocates cock and ball torture
steel reserve 211 extra high gravity breast milk
pretty much like 80% of the cats in that movie are fake
DVD: FBI WARNING Me: oh boy here we go DVD: The board advises you to have lots of fun watching this Hollywood movie Me: Ah.. It's a nice one
smiling is worthless. it has no value. nobody wants to see your damn teeth all the time.  fuck you #TheThursdayNiteRant
im ganna get all indigniant and huffy like a BItch anw way!!!!!!!!  dont wanna eat This Dinner!!  im a Teen for life
at the advice of my doctor, ive decided to piss, but only in small amounts out of respect for the #NoPiss challenge. i will limit my piss.
congress members fighting over who can scream "halo 5" the loudest, until a senior member stands up and yells "halo 6", infuriating them all
ever since i changed my gametap id from "diapermaster" to "CoolBryce" a world of doors have opened up to me.
doctor: i can say with absolute certainty that if you do one more weird trick youll die me: CAPTAIN TIGER's Miracle Corn. LOok it up bastard
my tweets bring people together, and unite this country even more than 9/11 did. every time i post its like 9/11 happening again
top 3 Engagements 1. faved by Charles Martinet.. voice of Mario 2. direct message from the official Lunchables account 3. the one to my wife
please allow me to explain the mechanics of the thursday nite rant. its not officially thursday nite rant if it does not contain the hashtag
the holmes aurora shooter's main problem was that he did not respect the Guns. hes paying the price because he didnt respect the guns.
workin out in a graduated cylinder. as i gain muscle mass the water level will rise above my head and drown me.  this is true muscle suicide
#FreeJahar knock knock. who's ther.e?  jahar's innocence. the us gov wants to spend $5billion on a helicopter but cant afford jahar's trial.
might do a post of "macklemore" soon.
guy trying to tell me im using the elliptical cross trainer backwards; Fuck you man. . This is my journey
*hangs political cartoon of obama eating The Jobs with a fork and knife up on the office billboard* you see that? ?? hes esating the jobs.
the words Paul Blart 2 appear on screen.  the black eyed peas begin singing "Let's Get Paul Blarted In Here" as the mall cop bumbles around
wearing a false ass crack and prosthetic  dick on top of my real ones in case my pants get burned off by fire
please wellcome Irony Cowbell to the world, my beautiful newborn daughter who will be named that forever
baths and showers are fucking stupid; here's what u do: get one of those big rotisserie ovens and roatate inside of it until you're dead
#fffff James Cool @jamescool147 "Love Sex,Milfs,Boobs,Cougars...& Fucking & Am A Bad Boy"
i have proof that the women on here are forming quotetweet gangs to "freak out" and intimidate uncircumcised guys
My Regular Life And My Ocean's Eleven Fanfiction Life Have Collided In A Horrible Fire Ball
when i changed my name from "jared" to "jaryd" it was a declaration that im done following the rules. many tears, but also strength
#UNELECTABLE !! #DEADWRONG !! #MarcoRubio #TeamRubio #Rubio2016 
my big sons have made a mess of the garage again after being riled up by  the good word of the Lord
the first rule about Guns is to Respect The Guns.  NEVER let your dog lick the Guns.  and don't point the Guns at anything unless it is bad
something like 43% of our nations topsoil is actually cave man shit.  fucked up
and now im being unfollow brigaded by traitors who would gladly simply put my ass in the viper pit
"WORM ASS" national prison made me into the man i am today. i would still be desecrating crypts be it not for the fine policemen of worm ass
clumsily wiping my ass in the woods
horseplay is morally indefensible
(plays some Tchaikovsky records at the highest possible volume) ah it sucks ass. but my IQ is increasing so much
there is absolutely no greater account on twitter than @DinoMiteBarney. consistently on point , no guff, what else can i say . check it out
"For years many have wondered what the letters 'DC' in washington DC stand for. The answer is quite simple: Dollars &amp; CEnts"—Winnie the Pooh
i found a bunch of those bugs that roll up into little balls. i called the zoo &amp; they refuse to take these horrible bugs away  from my house
COMMONLY REFERRED TO AS THE "BAD BOY" OF WET BEARD BLOGGING
im stuffing more toilet paper into the clogged toilet to stop it from overflowing. im using the plunger to cram more toilet paper in there
Imagine.  A world where guns come out of the ground like plants.  And all the water is replaced by Bullet's.  This is Gun World.  It's real
i hereby hand this twitter account to Obama's Thugs aand permit them to beat the crust outta me screaming and to piss on me. no trial. amen
whenever i see someone eating without a bib i laugh and shake my head. beucase i just know they're going to fuck their shirt up with stains
every one with the word "meme" in their bio has put at least one hole in their bedroom wall with the butt of a rifle
#PrayForNicksGrandpa even though prayer is clinically proven to make people die faster???  how about no.
"Valor is the honor of distinction"... the words engraved on the side of my gun, that i force the gamestop employes to repeat out loud to me
llooking extremely normal today 
(screams "Shut The Fuck Up" as loud i can, over and over into a phone for about 4 mins straight) Ah, Cant seem to get good help these days -
they need to put nets up in the baseball fields to catch all the homers. youre wasting so many good baseballs and it makes me sick
 all is revealed 666
SHIRTLESS MAN AT THE FARMERS MARKET WHO EVALUATES THE FOOD BY "LISTENING " TO IT WITH HIS EAR IS BACK.. THINK ILL SIPHON SOME OF HIS MANA
in order to get to the bottom of the SEXTING craze, goerge stephanopolis takes a shit on a teens chest #NEWmedia #oldmedia #moralfocus
ah! ah! i welcome the trolls, the haters, the  knuckleheads, the rudeboys, i welcome them to shit on my fucking worthless grave and kill me
1936: alan turing invents the computer and is persecuted for being gay. 2006: s. miyamoto invents the Wii and is persecuted for being Casual
boycott hanes underware #boycott #GonzoTweet #activism #iran
" NO BULL SHIT" is not just a phrase i like to say, it is also a way of live
i know i will catch endless flak for this. but I am of the belief, that the tried and true Suit and Tie, is a Classic
excuse me. could i please get my Blowup. you gave MetalGearEric a blowup. am i truly less deserving, than MetalGearEric? where is my blow up
"Feel as though ive evolved beyond the need for Product, and now crave the Customer Experience" Hubert Joly: Boy have I got the shit for you
christ washed the feet of his disciples but not the ass.  never the ass
Personality: Good friend for anyone, will help someone in need, not foul with language. Dislikes: People who ridiculize Lucario (I really ha
the crack of the bat. the scent of a verdant field. The excitement of the crowd. These are the things that piss base ball fans off the most
dismal reception f or Little Fockers raises 1 important question: What can you and I do to keep The "Fockers" Brand sizzling into 2011??
" nothing is stronger than power. " - qdoba_NoScope
just a little casual assplay at the farmer's market
interstate shut down due to reports of 600 pound man chasing a windswept bra
my impressions are at aln all time low!! my numbers are shit!! im fucked!! im done for!! OHhhh Noooo 
especially Fucked up in the wake of kobe bryant. Its more important than ever to Think Before You Post, and once again i dropped the(27/66)
cant wait for this Cunt to take us to mars; no Sjw, no Girls, just us boys sitting around in 55.9m sq miles of waste land, swapping MEMES !!
now's the perfect time to catch up on my Smoking by smoking every cigarette and cigar in the house
this page is now protected from dick heads and shit heads 
Im fucking the wall. a tectonic shift 900 miles away causes it to slice off my thin prick and drop it on mexican soil. Its their problem now
endorsing the candidate whose supporters have called me "Pussy ass" or "coward" the least amount, and its none other than the great bob Dole
im sensing some major bullshit coming from the graveyard
A wieght gain tribute to Princess Daisy
ladies & gentlemen of BlizzCon, im ready now to unveil my spirit animal for 2012. *holds up picture of the family gu y dog, audience gasps*
me vs. a girl follower's Father, screaming grappling match in a parking garage, trying some WWE wreslting moves im not athletic enough to do
the massive pair of black angel wings that i wear to the gym fucking stink like shit now and they wont fit into the washing machine either
HELLO IS THIS "FUCKWEB"?? HOW DO I LOG IN TO "FUCKWEB". GIVE ME ACCESS TO "FUCKWEB" THIS INSTANT. EXCUSE ME?? I AM NOT SHOUTING I AM TALKING
be careful on the web.  i just found iout my girlfriend of 12 years is a bag clip
i wont let nasa sent me to mars [does the dx cross chop with guns] fuckin alright
my pet iguana' s get angry at the same tv shows I do.... wierd but cool
sorry mom, but if U read my posts u would know why I spiked yuor meatloaf like a football &amp; called it a "piece of shit". because i am scared
sorry, all.  "Let's Play: Pissrealms 2D: Part 314" has been postponed indefinitely, due to an injury i sustained while taking off my shirt
In Second Life. Im the toilet who slides around and asks superior avatars to use me, please track me down if you want to discuss "Politic's"
having to hose off 900 screaming animals at my job at the zoo every day is harder than any thing a untied states marine ever did
farm fresh signature homegoods dick sucker
"STOP BEING Tsundere" - me screaming at god
another miserable day of Disappointing my followers 
SEX !!!! !!!!   ...now that i have you're attention, here are some pictures of me and my wife having sex
I SO MUCH AS DIP MY NECK AROUND THIS LOG PAGE AND I AM FORCED TO ABSORB GALLONS OF VENOM FROM DISRESPECTFUL CIVILIAN VIPER SWINE #StopTheNSA
#WorstDateIn5words a bunvch of blades arranged to spell out" 9/11". the worst date, in swords
i would advise U not to visit this small minded website, MEETUP.COM; They get mad if yo[u bring devil sticks to the meetups even if your pro
obama's ban on clove cigarettes has affected me Spiritually
john tyler was less commonly known as the "Rat President", having up to 900 rats running around the oval office and making an utter ruckus
my name is "hubo" now and not even my dad and all my uncles can change it back to "greg" no matter how many xboxs they step on
you pick up some political cartoon paper &amp; see a shitty grave drawing captioned with "Burt Be-Gone" and its intended to be respectful &amp; nice
i just tipped over my garbage can and tried to feng shui all the trash.  i dont know if it worked or not but im still fat
 hahha i beatup guys like this daily
the straight truth. im richard simmons, rofl. i love kissing Monsanto Mwah Mwah. HOw's your twitter immersion now?? i also believe in God
me and SnakeMom1956 are in love and we are laughing at all of th e people who think that our flintstones themed wedding is a sham
oop, autocorrect got me. what i meant to say was "i cant wait to eat shit right out of the sewer and suck some outrageously gay clown dicks"
watching a human interest pieice about a deaf guy who has a photographic memory of every shit hes ever taken
hoping my favorite brands e mail me some more stupid shit today
you can down vote me but Im god damn right
going to start deleting posts, due to harassment. as in, i want more of it. hbring it on egg heads
check out the new "Five For Five" offer at mc donalds... thats Five soda's for five bucks "Or your money back"
 were u there the day DragonBlaster laid down his arms &amp; surrendered to the deranged corporate interests of Big Diaper
name searching 
installing a cyborg tube in my tuxedo which frequently sprays my ass with various advanced powders
"100% Percent Too Bad" wont fit on my license plate, will it.  well i think ill be buying license plate elsewhere than. *hangup*
telling secretary to hold my calls so i can spend some time lookinh at girls' avatars with a loupe
;i help girls now
if you dont post your IQ at the beginning of every reply to me you will be blocked like a street dog
i got lock jaw from eating pasta out of a dogbowl and my wife will be here in 2 hours to marry me. help me github
iwant to outfit the scope on my sniper rifle with net flicks
if a sniper shot me i owuld run over to where he is and kick the gun out of his hand and kill him because hes not specialized in melee fight
#unpopulargamingopinions nmario and luigi are Virgins
most undergarments were invented and popularized by religious folk who deemed that jeans and denim were too sacred to touch the ass directly
im the only person on this entire website without a wife and it is just ignorant at this poin t.
#ReplaceLyricsWithTwerk pppppppppppppppppppppppppp (big ffarting ass noise)  fuck you fuck you fuck you
you look like the tomb raider lady Lol Mar 22  just heard the news of jussie smollett. Feeling unsafe right now 5s  You can no longer send m
if I could only get my Nasty mitts on some HARD-WARE , (RAM , Chips, ) my posts would improve tenfould,
watch this marines Epioc response to being told that he should replace his gun with an enormous lollipop
KFC is making BIRDS and LUNCH 10954 patrons $545060 a month
# tantrafee  holy shit... this pug is﻿ to fat !! i am sorry with him...  3 months ago
NO I WILL NOT USE MY BRAND NEW 3D PRINTER TO PRINT OUT "A PICTURE OF RATS". PLEASE SUGGEST SOMETHING GOOD, LIKE CUSTOM MONOPOLY PIECES
the army: forbidden from jacking off. ~99% kill shot rate  the mafia: encouraged to jack off. cant kill guys unless theyre tied to chairs
i am a classically tragic dumb ass hwo has the burger king logo imprinted in my brain like a baby bird to its mother
so you DONT insure tupperware contaners filled with magazine cutouts of legs &amp; feet? what if i told you some of these badboys are reagen era
we're here to discuss the cultural merit of "Baby Crash Bandicoot RPG". please leave if you have nothing of value to add to the conversation
hipster.kiss my usa ass
Realizing the food at KFC sucks ass for the 4th or 5th time in my life , and making myself calm by looking up famous quotes about "Chaos"
Jesus christ. I;m so god damn sorry.  This is so fucked up.  It's a living nightmare. I am literally shaking. I have never felt such pain
remember blowing on the CDs to make them work? blowing on controllers?? memory cards? pplease validate this broken man #PlaystationMemories
a Nerd corners me to talk about sweaters or somethimg. while he speaks my grimacing head slowly shrinks into a hideous purple knot. he cries
my rig tower is full of shit parts because i spent all my money on a mouse pad with a screaming human face ionside of it
cnn should hire The Pope
today's the day that i put on my high heel cowboy boots &amp; stomp the shit out of the fake plastic son that my father raised before i was born
hard core 
Priest: and the lord said, take this delicious McDonald and eat it, for it is my body and it will be given up, for you Me: Insanley badass.
i sincerely hope all of you remembered to powder your keyboards and mice to prevent Hand damage during your normal 16 hr browsing sessions
i piss on your little emails
i would have to say that this promotional  radio shack lanyard i received heavily influenced my decision to become a lanyard wearing guy
im in jail for desecrating a toilet.  the aclu is racist against white people
5 bucks will get you 1 minue access to the "Peck cam" where you can watch all sorts of wild birds peck me while i force myself not to resist
operating an unregulated labor camp on the Dean's lawn a nd saying "Shut the fuck up sir" when he comes out of his house to threaten us
it is with a heavy heart that i must announce that the celebs are at it again
#CancelColbert  gangstalking me, collecting my piss, laughing it up with his fucked up buddies when I ask where my piss went,  carrying on,
you see this..? *taps computer monitor with finger* this is not just a bunch of mixed up numbers and digits. this is a kingdom of Minds..
My lawyer has advised me that I should  power the box off instead of dealing with hipster comments and trash insults on this sacred holiday.
as hte real life #AlexFromTarget, i'd like to thank you all for liking the picture of me,aand announce my support for president jeb bush2016
(sees parking for electric vehicles, does the smug grin/shaking head thing) what's next? ? parking for circus clown cars?
waiter i would like to pay my bill , "En Pièces" (In coins)
it pains me to announce that as of april 5th, 2018, The Economist has severed ties with "Da Ass Fucka"
- Incest Prank Goes Wrong - Why Thousands Of Geniuses Are Ditching Their Aquariums - Can Plants Make You Smarter? - Moms Can Get Tattoos Now
if cops can see this account already: im sorry for all my posts ,t force me to lick your boots CLEAN sir,  im a bastard who needs punishment
i love "having my druthers" (??)
 Got anymore Sonia Sotomayor Feet Pictures? Upload Here
when the trolls have my internet access removed i will not allow that to end the content flow. i will nail my insipid "Tweets" to my car
this next dip of chaw is dedicated to the pursuit of muscles, and also my jeep
ＵＮＣＵＴ ►ᴹᴬᴸᴱ◄
it makes me sick when i see border collies portrayed in the media as "Loser Dogs" who are "Probably Rats"
???: The hole at the bottom of the toilet is the toilets ass hole replyguy34: Thats fine replyguy29: Babababababa replyguy93: This, actually
a 3x3 inch picture of my dirty teeth, framed ornately and hung on the wall of a mafia-owned jiffy lube waiting room in louisville, kentucky.
piss me off forever, kiss the dog shit out of my ass  mouther fucker #ShutYourYap
it is generally agreed upon that my posts are considered to be the worst aspect of my twitter presence
ilove the idea of beating the shit out of my Son's rival's dad at the little league game with a suitcase full of cash
instantly the king of jail after telling other inmates that im in for dropkicking "WTFCraig" when he said avatar is a ripfof of bluemangroup
#The12DaysOfContent im sorry again 
TIL a janitor invented flamin' hot cheetos. ( submitted 19 hours ago by jj788    117 comments    share
i'm pisser #1 
EVERYONE ON EARTH PLEASE SHOVE YOUR HANDS INTO YOUR POCKETS AND LAY FLAT FACING THE GROUND UNTIL MY LOST "PUSSYMAN" APRON TURNS UP
yo hollywood! check THIS out! *flops over face forward, lies still, becomes dust over the course of 100 years and is separated by the wind*
the onl thing i can drink without vomiting anymore is diet peach snapple mixed with skim milk and breadcrumbs
EEEEYYYYAAAAGGGGHHHH !!!!  MY ASS ....
i will be hung by my ankles and displayed at the zoo until i can prove to the sheriff and city hall that i have Centered myself with christ
open pastebin of LAPD shooter's manifesto.  ctrl+f search for injoke staples such as "jeans", "diaper" and "toilet".  no results. click x.
when i cant decide whether to throw up into the trash can or the toilet i throw up in the trash cadn &amp; pour about half of it into the toilet
the guy who pretended to work at pathmark and handed out free samples of dog dicks to innocent shoppers technically didnt break a single law
becoming accepting and calm of other people having lifestyles of having the wrong opinion about shit
i know im a dumb ass for expecting a serious response from the chucklefuck brigade, but can someone please tell me if im circumcised or not
that three stooge thing where you run around in circles on the floor horizontally is actually a vital component of my yakuza training
when MetalGearEric told his 36 followers i have "A Poor Man's Micropenis" and none of my so called allies stepped in to defend my honuor....
if i ever accidentally posted something relatable or good enough to trick you into following this account, i truly apologize. im crying also
Male Netflix Supporter
weve toiled to bring you the greatest specifically tailored user experience of all time. PLease uncheck the box that says "Shut the fuck up"
my new quote: "That's some good ass Hulu" (to be spoken after, viewing exceptional content on the hulu streaming site )
GOURP OF TEEN GIRLS RESURRECT DALE EARNHARDT IN SLEEPOVER DARE, EARNHARDT RUNS FROM THE PREMISES NUDE, COVERED IN ECTOPLASM, YET TO BE FOUND
BOOOOOO TO M Y 10000TH FOLLOWER @TorresaurusRex BOO YOU PICE OF SHIT EVERYONE THROW YOUR SHOES AT @TorresaurusRex SUCK MY DICK
Im about to get wild at 2:30am on this Fucking can of #Beer I found. I am going to use my grandpas knfie to "Shot Gun" it.  #ThingsILikeToDo
verizon wireless usa promotes an nfl tweet but refuses to support indie sports like hockey and soccer. meanwhile, my life is in the garbage
(looking into a big toilet filled with shit , piss and toilet paper, shaking my head) this is fucking stupid. hardly worth my time
Turds And Piss Found At Usama's Compound &gt;&gt;  Decorated Royal Navy Commander Lenny 'Hotdogs' Burbit States As Follows: "He Loved Too Shit"
CONTROVERSIES: lots of people jacked off to "beetlejuice" because they thought he was a girl. it's perfectly normal &amp; good [citation needed]
an old man wheezes into a ragged cloth; Bam looks into camera, says "Woah, glad im not That cloth!" thne does a Bogus airspin into the trash
stop flooding the #stolenvalor hashtag with army man shit and only use it  to report plagiarized @ Dril content, please and thank you
using intense calmness , As the dragon , while dealing with peoples shitmouth
my romantic girl friend sees the super blood moon reflected in my greased back hair and pledges then and there to bow to christ our master
i imagine to the lice who live in my chest hair, my enormous, frowning head is God; their only beacon of hope, thats why i never wear shirts
as far as im concerned the best revenge is ordering wolf piss online &amp; pouring it into soneones car. "living well" is too hard
Im the guy who exclusively wipes his ass with the disposable seat covers
this is the new logo. if you want to contact me you have to put the new logo in the email and send it to me. please get rid of the old logo 
 absolutely
geiting my mother fucking ass Rolled for taking too many pictures of the gym
looking to spice up my marriage with pg13 comedies about camping
"tthis is some superbly phenomenal shit." -spoken by president barack obama, upon following his 650,000th twitter account
trying to drink a can of beer .
Dear Applicant, We regret to inform you that Guinness no longer publishes the world record for "World's Tiniest Ass", because it was too sad
theres a magic number of times you can reply to me before a police man automatically destroys you. nobody has ever reached it, but its there
this is fucking stupid *Submit* everyone will hate this *Submit* my worst tweet yet *Submit* this ones okay *Submit* ban me already *Submit*
it is official. im taking my football to prom and im going to kiss it and the nerds will never stop me. i cannot wait to savor their anguish
not many good wiki leaks lately. was hoping Julian woudld find out which individual or agency keeps ripping the gutters off of my house
excuse me sir, i couldnt help but notice that youre in need of a thorough explanation of kegel exercise. ok, it's basically psychic jelqing,
ive heard from a reliable source that people arre putting their lips on to my girl friends avatars and going "muah muah muah." cut it out
yeah thats right babe... im in the shower right niow.. wearing nothin but a neon green tracksuit, and some belts
attaching an enmormous dildo to my rifle so i can grip it in my mouth for added stability. thats how it is #army #navy #themafia
go ahead. keep screaming "Shut The Fuck Up " at me. it only makes my opinions Worse
#AnimalTVShows pig fucker
the first iddiot to file a complaint against my rat zoo gets a new pipe hole courtesy of my Handsome Fists
requesting hand critiques. please be honest , but fair 
i think its terrible that criminals are encouraging our more gullible members of society to celebrate the propagation of the vile aids virus
I just generated a #TweetCloud out of a year of my tweets. Top three words: jackson, 1958-2009, michael - 
my son got on my tablet and posted something truly unworthy of the institution of oscars but i wont delete it because theyre his first words
hm.. the essentials... well what can i say. you gotta have em baby 
every morning, looking at a holographic image of all my natural predators  (pigs apes tigers dogs etc) to keep my head in the Game
Your search - pugmom666 - did not match any documents.
The video games &amp; childrens tv show industrial complex has pooped its own ass once again and made 2020 the year of the Actual Bitch .
an adult version of Chuck E Cheese type places where you pay someone to shout the "N-WORD" directly into your face so you can feel something
the worst part of nationalism is having to pretend the flag is really good, like "yeah the country looks exactly like that. they nailed it"
nick jr. wanted to publish my memoirs - told them to take a hike with the kid shit
never knew that anything was good or bad until i got on the computer, i had always assumed that everything was Average until i got yelled at
please god my lord let thtere be an all beavis spin off
Super Bowl Who????  #retweetthisif #someonetell bobby brown his head look like a chicken wing- #nowplaying Ray J #musicmonday
my critics say that my unconventional ass wiping techniques are no good. that i am seriously wounding my ass. that my ass is dirty. bastards
FOR SALE: One Beekeeper's Uniform With "METH GOD" embroidered into back, Lightly Used (856) 625-3325 - Ask For Officer Jim
the ass ratings are in.. my ass needs to be given the old " HEAVE-HO " on the fast track otu of here and thats the facts jack. Boo to my ass
.@ToiletHelper hasn't tweeted yet. @CumDragon hasn't tweeted yet. @ShitLad hasn't tweeted yet. @Fat666 hasn't tweeted yet. @CleanUncle hasn'
Lord give me Coffee do change the things i have the power to change and Wine to except the things i want to 
did you know, every time you flush the toilet without closing the lid, millions of waste particles fly directly into my open mouth &amp; kill me
it may seem that cops are all fucking dumb, bad at IQ tests, etc, but they only pretend to be, to lull crooks into a false sense of security
how much money would have to be given to FOX executives in order to make the dancing football robot say "lets kiss some nerds dicks" on tv
in one proposed timeline, goatboy was a character played by jim breuer on SNL who circulated a jpeg of his ass and became the goatman.
how can i possibly enjoy a moment's respite, when thousads of my followers could be giving my posts "The finger," without me even knowing it
once yoshigod9 asked me what pussy tastes like &amp; he recorded my answer on a nintendo ds &amp; jacked off to the recording later. Now hes my boss
sick and tired of people assuming im taking a shit whenever i go to the bathroom,; while im actually just running my diaper under the sink
i hereby disavow EpicWayne, who now says that my "ears are fucked-up shaped" , and that i "let dildos roll around in the footwell of my car"
thank you inventor of bibs. every one else, off a cliff
ok, first off its BS that wetnaps dont tell u that you need to unwrap them before use. second, food smeared on face boosts the immune systm
i hope to one day eat 10'000 calories a day
mn, 
my dick is satire
U Have Been Banned From GoiterTeenz - The Forum For Teens With Disfiguring Goiters-- Reason: Prolonged Harassment Of Female Members
due to my latest getting pissed off, i shall hence forth refer to Turner Classic Movies as "toilet classic movies"
ive made an arrangement with the casino. im allowed to yell at the slot machines now, but only if i actually put money in them first
2013: burger king creates "The Doritos Whopper" 2021: orson scott card writes "The Doritos Novel" 2035:removed from matrix. no more doritos
jacking off.. (lights cigarette, takes a big smoke of it) ..i s a Zero Sum fallacy. a jesters game
Who Ever Left Their Pear Here. Come Get Your Pear 
as a lad i often drew 2 adjacent circles in a crude attempt to portray an Ass. ive since matured and only draw asses of the utmost precision
hands Off my posts 
it fucking Sucks when a store sells me shit 
using the skills i learned of mario to traverse a real life pile of crates
during tibetan sky burials theres always the risk that the birds will eat everything except your dick and that people will laugh at the dick
when twitter verifies shit like, oscar the grouch from seasme street, instead of my acct, i get so mad that i kick fucking holes in the wall
" I DESERVE MY WIFE " GET OF MY ASS!! KING OF THE ROAD
i did not say that the kid from jungle 2 jungle should be sent to Guantanamo bay, i just said it wouldn't be racist if he was
LOVER UNBUTTONS MY PANTS AND SEES THE ANKH LOOPED AROUND MY COCK. SHE LOOKS UP AT ME, BUT ITS TOO LATE. IM ALREADY HOLLERIN ABOUT THE ANUBIS
when i go to hooters i do not want to look at the girls there, just my newspaper that does not have any eye holes cut into it what so ever
yeah im supposed to be "offended" by spit on my grave. youre basically feeding my skeleon nutrients. also spitting in graveyards is illegal.
human sack of dog shit; holding up the self service aisle, trying to beat the system by taping balloons to the produce scale
before you shit on me, lnow this. i have a black belt in shut the fuck up. and - let me finish - i have a college degree in shut the fuck up
(wtaching a video of capt Jack Sparrow shitting on the number 2016 while the camera zooms in and out of his ass hole) Oh this is everything,
just spent the last 10 minutes fishing a pubic hair out of the toilet to avoid any nasty phone calls from the boys at the sewage plant
my name is Destyn. i build crossbows and sell weed to all your dads and im 15
CRASHED RECUMBENT BIKE IN2 SOME FUCKED UP BRAMBLE PATCH WHILE TAKING PICS OF HANGNAIL FOR WIKIPEDIA. MY CRIES FOR HELP ARE MUFFLED BY MY ASS
warning issued to microsoft who is hard at work making the new "Windows": The world is watching you my friends
me: i dont even care if they cancel sports howard stern: Thats wild
i love to build illegal temples around town. i love scrubbing my pitbull down with big piles of soap bubbles. i love to fuss and raise shit.
if you receive mail from me and it isn't posted with personalized stamps depicting my dog's pregnant gut then it is fraud. please rip it up
Wiki-d'oh! Julian Assange guest stars on The Simpsons to dig up the dirt on Mr. Burns; Scheduled to be aired in 2014 #PainfulToReadSentences
online is where i go to get my A B C's... Abused By Cretins
my stystem can predict all lottery numbers with 100% accuracy. but not the powerball number. it is too powerful
௵_௵ DOes Any One Want Neck Vids
Q: are nerds allowed to read your tweets A: no. absolutely not. only businessmen and christian women are permitted to read my tweets.
Some Teens Don't Think It's 'Hip' To Undergo Female Circumcision. I Think That's Whack.
#ObamasPresidencyInTwoWords bun gazi
shame on dailymail &amp; nydailynews for posting my racist ball screenshot without giving credit  
and the nobel peace prize goes to... "Fag Poisoner"?? a huge tattooed man takes the stage &amp; bites into the award like a cookie, gives finger
apparently if you pull pics of the gym teacher's mansion off google street view and draw some ghosts dancin on it the fbi handcuffs your mom
Where were u when I was being mouthed off at. Where were u when my brand was tarnished by Mockers. Where were u when i got called a "Prick".
need one of those janet jackson sun shaped nipple rings to protect my stupid-ass pud from hell cherubs
ME: (pulls soaked pair of jnco jeans out of sons aquarium) Ah wahts this. You cant continue to live here if you do this SON: Im a smoker now
my favorite part of nascar is when I vomit all over my shirt and car after the race., desecrating the logos of the brands that enslave me
mournful day fpr comedy fans, upon news that the wife character on "Kevin Can Wait" will be beheaded with a sword between seasons 1 and 2
whats wrong? u look like youve never seen a depressed,gruesomely obese Mature Hetero who also happens to have gorgeous abs &amp; tight AZZ befor
next slide, please. this is a chart showing piss levels in the lungs of eastern &amp; western public bathroom goers. the discrepancy is obvious.
ST PETER: on march 14 2024 you posted simply the words "james earl bond". hope the 34 favs were worth it idiot ME: They were bitch
i do in fact keep a trash can under my desk so i can spit up a few nauseous loads whenever i get publicly humiliated by people retweeting me
a father says to his 3 sons, "i love you all but I must fulfill my destiny as the Wind. goodbye" then he turns into the wind as his sons cry
saying im going to flip "doug the pug" aorund in mid air with devil sticks . is not a death threat
IDIOT: I would love to get trapped in some sort of wall and spin around faster and faster until pieces of my body slough off ME: Ok, no,
im absolutely taking this as some kind of threat 
EGYPTIAN PROTESTERS AIRDROPPED 100000 COPIES OF "NOW THATS WHAT I CALL MUSIC VOLUME 7"... THE SINGLE GREATEST NTWICM ALBUM OF ALL TIME
missed connections:  the bone - head who dropped an entire slice of pizza on my brand new Craig Martin`s ( wow yourw a tough guy )
actually the barf bags on airplanes are for shitting in. they call them barf bags because thats gross to some people
basicly a sniper rifle that can switch gears and turn into a baseball bat if the situaiton demands it. an armymans ultimate tool
ass is the most poisonous part of the human
will no longer be livestreaming foreskin restoration process; the trolls who attempted to summon [インプ] (Imps) into the chatroom are to blame
my permanently wet forehead is perhaps my most powerful weapon
as a Parent.. the thought of somebody attacking my sons with some sort of weapon, is just not good to me
my main issue with "master chief fucks cortana" is if you read the halo novels youd know the space suit automatically jacks master chief off
please follow my dril page
whose idea was to call it "Ice cream parlor" and not "Scoop Kitchen" ?? lets get this joke viral and show my ex-wife landlord whos boss
im the geico gecko and I want u to help me end rape
imma newmedia grassroots teen marketing consultant prick fucek.  ah a new tcot friend.!  ill just ignore his goatman avatrar
all credit, for this image, goes to Snooker 
 here is future president jeff boss grilling the rat man for hard answers. the nsa loves to post nasty comments
the next step in human evolution is to cover your body in Rage Face tattoos and point to them instead of displaying emotions the normal way
OFFICIAL: Michael Jackson (1958-2009) RIP - 
like this if youre one of the 3% of teens who remembers when music was just guys saying "my name is kid rock" over and over
I want a video game thats just a 3d dog barking very loud in my face
i;m now getting surgery to completely become a Brand. all bothersome human elements (ability to get mad, go to toilet, etc) will be, removed
This site is dedicated to the love and respect of Asian women.  If you are here looking for porn... "MAN ARE YOU IN THE WRONG PLACE!"
i do not watch the snl show (Too crass) but i do enjoy reading the episode summaries that they put in the newspaper for some reason
my intense belief: you should not be eligible for the presidency of the United States until you are at least 89 years old
if any one knows how to convincingly justify dubai's economic model to bratty ltitle brothers go ahead and plop me an email. fubu back.
dr oz says due to the sheer volume of milk &amp; cookies santa consumes, you have no hope of poisoning him with piss or cum. wont even notice it
using genius Journalism to crush my enemies . . .
i just looked up the stats and the number of meaningful relationships ive formed is less than the number of public restrooms ive Screamed in
"ah, but you are merely a parasite. and some day this little labyrinth you created will collapse before you find the exit." -animefucker_x10
i am interested ni "meme format". i am going to experiment in "meme format", to improve my page. 
show us the Boys 
my mastercraft. a youtube poop vid that chronicles my spiraling depressive state. a downvote goldmine to the likes of the trolling bastards.
SAY IT AGAIN BOYS :  "If it's not from Harvard , it's not a STEM degree"
sequester THIS !! *i show my ass.  a dick flops out of my ass.  a tiny ass comes out of the hole of the dick coming out of my ass* Fuck obam
oculus allows you to smoke wii remote like a cigar and blow heaps of smoke in celebs faces
NEWSWIRE : former presideent George W bush filmed touching various fabrics, assessing their value, as the country Shits its Ass
chris brown farts into microphone as thousands of miserable, awful women attempt to fuck the speaker system #grammys #teambreezy
jnust found out me and trig palin have the same agent, no big deal or anything
i post at the pleasure of my follower's. people can typd shut the fuck up at me and im not going to. i post at the pleasure of my follower's
 Thanks
I want to be Gargled at.  I Want To Be Spit On, Hollered, and Fucked at.  I Want To Be Pissed Towards.  I Want My God Given Disposal
now that kfc has promoted me to "toilet officer", i want to shift the paradigm and change the way people think about shit and piss forever
i think it would be fucking stupid to be a fat ass caterpillar and have your entire body be made out of weak points
Thread
nude bathing was invented by the vile criminal slave class of the byzantine empire and it drove the kind &amp; decent noblemen absoutely bonkers
im sorry every one.  the mayor ran out of key to the cities so they had to give me the key to all the girls bathrooms instead
you give me dry ice &amp; i dont know what to do with the shit. "is this mother fucker really posting about dry ice" yes. wet ice is good though
-go about my day seeking energy in my life as a Bieng of intelligence -if your sperm count is complete dog shit, i will not even talk to you
list of activities enhanced by fingerless gloves: advanced keyboard &amp; mouse manipulation, burying face in hands, wiping my as, pointing
ptut a fucked up mix of mountain dew code red and salad dressing and sesame seeds into your hummingbird feeder and watch the world burn
adult cop wrestler
whoever put "give skeleton huge titty" in the suggestion box: first off, this isnt a suggestion box. its a toys for tots bin. secondly;
In my honest opinion, due to recent events, they should call beloved pop sensation Justin Bieber, they should call him "Mr. Jail". Thank you
did they find any water on mars yet.  what about catboys
nobody's allowed to criticize anytyhing or talk about anything or like anything until my shitty terrible account gives the official go-ahead
i do print my posts out on index cards and dead drop them at city hall. you have to get your teeth in the game, other wise youre just shit
my Face when im looking at pictures of other peoples faces on this website that are purportedly  reacting to bull shit happening to them 
the worst dms are the ones from beautiful WOmen. the best ones are some university of dog shit grad student asking if he can "pick my brain"
if you see me dragging a compass through the sand, i'm conducting Market Analysis and must not be distracted
sometimes i gaze towards the beautiful endless sky and wish that i was a bird.  so that i could piss and shit out of the same hole
the police gave me my wacom tablet back 
REMINDER: your favorite CONTENT CREATOR is NOT your PERSONAL DOG.  DO NOT look at their IMDB PAGE. DO NOT make EYE CONTACT with THEM
coke zero but for pringles. pringles zero
just reassuring you all, that if i forgot to include your favorite tweet in my book it is because it sucked Ass. Get fucked off of my page
"this is going to sound so cool" i rev the engine and it explodes, leaving me rolling around on the road with a smouldering dick &amp; ass crack
the boys held an intervention about me "Going hollywood" because i;ve been buying plastic toothpicks now
#TheThursdayNiteRant please build more walkways so i don't have to fuck my pants up in the bushes
im not going to post about taking shits or shitting anymore . i Condemn all of my previous posts about shitting and asses
what th e fuck are you talking about 
i will die for my belief that Beer is "The drink of summer"
the guy who put up this shield to prevent me from pissing on the public toilet paper should have considered my personal liberties beforehand
i just got logged on to the site and im going to need you all to shut the fuck up for like an hour while i get caught up on my feed here
#8ThingsICantLiveWithOut blame, denial, pity, rationalization, constant validation, superimposing fantasy, overcompensation and SuperPretzel
ME: ok now do a search of this. "muppet babies theme - backwards, half speed" ALFRED HITCHCOCK: Holy Fuck !!
every day this happens: my followers inject me with a mix of chemicals , And they kill me as they would a sick dog. Every day they do this
a &lt;DUMPSTER WITHIN A DUMPSTER&gt;, once in a lifetime find, can be used as Armor or rolled down a steep incline to make A TON of noise
It's Saturday night. Hand me the cold one fellas
sorry grandma. your laptop was good but i shattered it into 1 million shards after i saw someone say SEO stood for "shit eater optimization"
none of my pets are breathing properly . Am i the asshole (AITA)
aide to BArraack0 "Virgin" hussame nobadman cuaght buying toilet paper... wow !  wonder whatz going on in the white house.  T Cot.  #tcot
it is my displeasure to report that the TWITTER-MASTERCARD group has frozen my credit card for posting "The monster mash sucks"
ask me anything u please, as long as its about my ambitious plan to build a castle in the Jungle for the apes to live in, called "Ape House"
oh nothin, i was just buying some ear medication for my sick uncle... *LOWERS SHADES TO LOOK YOU DEAD IN THE EYE* who's a Model by the way,
what if the guy who jumped over the white house fence thought it was the gamer gate
The Saturday morning ramble is Work Safe. Children are also allowed to enjoy it. The Thursday nite rant is vulgar and unleashed
i plan on attending chad and avril's wedding so i can absorb all the Love and Music Energy and use it to repair the corrupted soul of gaia .
call me old fashioned, but I donr think waiters should spit in the customers food. Keep it to the toilet or kiss that tip GOOD-BYE
"favs.. retweets.. they're all good as hell. You're basically here to get those. Without em, you might as well be posting into the toilet,"
ive enclosed an image of judge judy and my stepdad kissing that I photoshopped to express my disapproval of the broken paintball gun verdict
Im joining Asexual, because of certain bull shit that happened in the Comment's section, and because enough is enough
how many years did it take for moses to build the ark??  trick question.  God built it
thinking about how Fucked i`d be if someone hurled a metal trash can at the back of my head at full force, or if i fell 10ft onto some rocks
donald trump is the best man for the job... and for that he has earned my vote.  however, i believe  he needs to "Check his priviledge"
i consider protected, locked accounts, to be the most Powerful accounts... for it is they who have Blocked the entire world
i dont follow anyone on this site, my feed is the pinnacle of cultural purity, i look at the blank goddamn page&amp; blow kisses at it furiously
"THE STUPIDS 2 WITH TOM ARNOLD . TORRENT " IS NOT A REAL MOVIE, IT IS A WORM VIRUS, PLEASE DO NOT DOWN LOAD THIS FILE AS IT IS HARMFUL
for decades i have traversed the unforgiving mountains and rivers of south america, hoping to catch a glimpse of the fabled "ass downloader"
ISIS MAN: It's Jim from Montana... He says ISIS should "Cool it" and that we're "Crooks" ISIS CHIEF: Damn. Were finished. Dismantle the nuke
 i want to help the 3d dog give birth
mixing various wine's together and making authentic "Al dente" pasta by straining it one minute early, as instructed by the box
something must be done about aall these kids on the playground claiming the goatse.cx lawyer is their uncle
replacing my ass cheeks with both hemispheres of my useless brain was a decision i made for MYSELF. i didnt do it to fucking impress twitter
famous daves proud to announce confessional booths in every restaurant where you can go to atone for your bbq sins. fucking murder me
"Crowdpleasers"... Now these, I like
(responding to a troll after increasing my intelligence to Max Level with a carefully optimized content stream) I suppose u think youre God,
(using a hand mirror to get a real good look at my Fucking balls) whoah!! im seeing double!
calmly browisng my 100 Sites per day, as recommended by the experts
covid virus can live inside of a beanie baby for 10 years #beanieBurn #Burnthem
io love helping the economy by fucking up while doing downloads and getting 100 coin miners installed on my pc
SENSING THAT I AM GLUING SEASHELLS TO MY TEN THOUSAND DOLLAR ALLIGATOR SHOES, AN AWARE UNIVERSE TRAVELS BACK IN TIME AND CREATES ITSELF
(sobbing like a fucking doofus) why isnt my feed good!! why dont these posts make me happy any more!! what is wrong with all of you!!!!!!!
all girls on this website... im here to protect u from online swearing... pleae... please understand..
please help my cousin "Bruno_THought_Leader" who just had his account suspended for threatening to "Fuck" brexit
i regret to inform you, that by resorting to Swear language, you have forfeit this debate. Farewell my bitch
nine boys crowded around a 19" television "Franklin for Fuckin adults " "Its about damn time" "Hell yes, this" *all rubbing hands together*
death 
you threaten to go to the bathroom on me?  i do not think you have the gall to go to the bathroom on me
more trouble in the middle east as the islamic world struggles to find the new muslim pope
im going to start a college called Ass Kick University where i just kick the teens asses when the walk in there... am i RIGHT folks??
earning 100% completion rating in the latest game from the "SEX ADDICT" series by PissRealms, and hating every minute of it
the trolls will never admit it, but wells fargo has been knocking the fucking crap out of covid and police brutality, with their posts
all dressed up in my little tuxedo and ready to sacrifcie my self to isis
"i hope this shitty mustsache makes my face look less fat (It wont)" - some guy
i often disagree with DigimonOtis, but his efforts to keep Sharia Law out of the donkey kong 64 wiki are much needed in this wolrd of danger
sometimes i post serious things but,  i like to have a little bit of fun on here too #TheThursdayNiteRant
#AmexAlicia i HATE the aid bug
someone please. ive bitten into a nasty apple and I don't know how to spit things out of my mouth. ivr never spit before and i need help
two men fighting inside of a dog igloo
its govenrment shutdown time mother fuckers *steals a shitload of small eggs from a bird nest* ha ha ha
fuck it, ill just come out and say that i think "Iceberg lettuce" is just aobut the worst name you can come up w/ for a damn type of lettuce
theory postulated by known troll "Zentai_Gary" states that i, @dril, go to the zoo every weekend to , in his words, "fuck the apes", and i w
visiting New World's 
when i step out of the bathroom to announce that Ive clogged the toilet at a party, i tell everyone exactly what i clogged it with (my shit)
you d o not have to tip the waiter if you say "Thank You" more than 50 times, over the course of the meal
the digital man takes a sneaky peek around the library,. activates his darknet chakras,  runs a Grid search on "dale earnheartd wackin it" ,
i enjoy a bit of "Humour" every now and then, but people seriously need to sotp tying me to a chair and injecting me with unknown substances
when somone posts a vile piece of home decor in the group dm but you have to bite your lip because youre on the lowest sub-tier...
in the latest effort to distance myself from "Whacky" ;, "Random" bull shit, i will be changing my name from VolleyballCraig to NormalCraig,
ME: Im far more excited to see what the "Cloud" has to offer, than what the "Clown" has to offer. MY NEMESIS: How dare you tell the truth.
whenever i see one of those roast pigs with apple in its mouth i think "Now theres a real son of a bitch who made the wrong choices in life"
i stiltl want a picture with ghislaine maxwell so badly.  I dont care what the peanut gallery thinks
[Bobby chases Grenouille, screaming, then ramming and tackling him hard to the ground] Coach Klein: [in amazement] Wow! #WaterBoyWednesday
Leut me make this clear: gloves are Next-Gen mittens , mittens are trash, i will never wear a mitten, i will take down anyone whos mad at me
everyone please stop laughing immediately &amp; explain the joke to me very carefully like i'm 2 years old so I can tell you if i like it or not
Mhickey Mouse Cartoon Hands Flipping The Bird Marijuana Weed for Iphone and Samsung Galaxy Case (iPhone 6 plus white)
that's the end of my dry rub rant. it's just my opinion. i have already received 20 death threats. i fucking dare you to block and report me
#The12DaysOfContent here comes baby new year . . . 
*pushes a mini-fridge over* Fuck U
rude ass.  upgradable to hell ass.  upgradable to Satan ass.  upgradable to chaos ass.  upgradable to マスター (Masutā)-infinity ass
people shoot me a lot of Grief just because my wife is a stolen bar urinal with yogi bear's face printed abovbe the drain,. and they should
forgetting if "taking the knee" is good or bad relative ot my belief system but getting pissed off at every mention of knees just to be safe
i am a Teen and that's somethjing i have to live with for the rest of my life.
im an Empath.  im a Homeo Uncle.  im a rodney
people who like getting whacked in the balls; that shit sucks. youre outta your mind
the neighborhood teens have left so many burning bags of garbage on my lawn that everyone thinks that this is the place you burn garbage now
roll my big ass over in my favorite chiar and crush 4 of my horseshit wives for blabbing one off while im trying to absorb a beer commercial
i would simply much like to know where i can purchase a nice cloth to place my miniature guitars upon. please do not send me the frog pic.
how dose it feel to be puppets in my numerology experiment *my true form emerges, a 3d skull wrapped in tinfoil , shooting green flames*
to stand nude before a group of middle aged italian mob bosses and have them obnoxiously berate your dick while smoking cigars
arms folded, back turned to the television, refusing to "Meet the flintstones" despite the theme song's pleas
one t wo three four i declare a Gender War
lumbering dick head told off by albertsons cart boy for trying to siphon gas from a moped while dressed like a blues brother
i finally worked up enough courage to cry in front of the pregnant woman who frequents my gym
every year, a figure dressed in black leaves three crispy strips & a bottle of mtn dew at the kfc man's grave then disappears into the night
puutting shit on my dating profile like "i will never lie to someone who's nice to me" and "i wont fuck you if you don't enjoy Movies"
sorry if i offended anyone during my latest nude-out, the doctor told me to grow my body hair out to cover up the miserable amounts of acne
mind of a lion.. heart of a Pregnant woman
click this post to worship Everlasting Slime until your cold, lonesome death, the uncleansable taste of Shit ruining your throat and tongue
  sombody please buy me this for next years 9/11
i makte that inteligent jew asuka humble
U would be superbly fucking remiss to not click on my link of top 10 reasons that Vuvuzela s are The Dog's bollocks
im the guy who talks about ass wiping hacks so often that i commonly use the abbreviation AWH and get mad when people ask what it stands for
#RuinAChildrensBook i dont have a camera but rest assured that i ruined it &amp; made sure that no child will ever derive emotion from its pages
kim karcdashian should have married me or my friend DigimonOtis instead  because we're Nice. #ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage
All music made past the year 1969 is rap. (sseals self in rebuttal proof chamber for 100 years)
based on a bunch of educated assumptions i've made about weight gain, really obese guys must have like the hugest dicks on the planet
Sponsor Wanted: Basically U Would Pay Me to eat Dogfood and i go "Its So Good Even Humans Can Eat It" or just fucking ignore me until i die
#myfavorite90ssong the blue song by daft punk
nothing give s me more power in this life than blocking a guy who asks me nicely in the dms to unblock him or one of his rat friends
i am closing down the craft brew wiki because i am being treated like a zoo animal and nobody gives to shits .
fucking Nude Man ruine all our laser tag games, cant shoot him cause he isnt wearing the vest, cant rack up any points against him
a cop will spank you publicly just for breast feeding your pitbull in public .  but when a bug bites you hes all "euhhh i dont arrest bugs"
looking around with high-tech goggles that display everyone's raw denim stats on a sleek HUD. i'm screaming because they're fused to my head
i think that in 2013 digimon otis was seirously convinced that they were going to change the name of gamestop to gameMosque
does anyone else remember when the owner of @OscarMayer forgot to switch to his personal acct before @-ing pictures of his turds to a doctor
I am a coward. I beg of your forgiveness. And please check out The Saturday Morning Ramble, which is still scheduled for release on Feb. 8
my opinion on politics: my opinion on politics is that politidcs is extremely good, but sometimes it is bad
cleanning my assault rifles with wads of toilet paper
Leeroy the Jenkins guy
An empassioned Mitt Romney spoke. "My dear Americans." His tone rife with the gracious fortitude of a leader. "We must always eat Slim Jim."
wearihg some ridiculously shitty looking jeans that look like half of a halloween costume
 a solid hour of this
oerdering 40 plates of baby back ribs on a stolen credit card so that i can get enough wet naps to clean my entire body #JustGuyShit #normal
former UN ambassador John Bolton uses hideous mustache to conceal "Police Is Bullshit" facial tattoo #amomentofsilence
tyler durden and the Joker and 007 agent james bond take turn beating up my ex-wifes car while i say "Cool" and "This is fine"
threres a rumor master chief will take off his mask and reveal hes the btk killer.. do not do this.. it would be disrespectful to halo
guys who get circumcised when theyre like 45 years old are Sluts
i bet i could knock a grammy statue over with my piss #grammys
gettting radicalized by bull shit metacritic review scores and making voodoo dolls of twitch girls for showing their ankles on stream
at last., after years of legal b.s. i am finally required to be served up to 5 communion wafers at church because im a big fat hungry man
another blissfful day ignoring the fact that 75% of my peers on this site have been rejected from offline society for pretty good reasons
ass ointment seeping through the top of my perilously tight jeans leaving unsightly horizontal stripes on the sofa #Supernatural200thEpisode
three words to describe me:  Sensual, Progrsesive, Muscular.  Check out my blog about mustaches
gah.  the decal maker fuckged up my order again.  now corey haim will never rest in peace 
is it true that the ebola man works at a @cocacola plant. it would be fucked up if he touched the cans and shit,
when you call me a shit head, or a dip shit, or a low rent stooge, that is like putting a knife directly into my Posts.
were at the point now, that when i offer to impregnate my girl followers, people assume my motives are sexual. disgusting, grow the fuck up,
my favorite feature of this site is absolutely no consequences for my opinions sucking ffucking ass and me being 100% wrong about everything
sometimes it seems like i'm the only person who cares about, intelligence-related things, on the entire online.
My dick looks like a cartoon character's
"I do not look at the numbers beneaht the post. I only look at the letters, of the post, that are used to write the words of the post" -WINT
Horse_Ebook Passes Turing Test, Replaces The Bible
 Very Nice
"my posts are more..i think.. self aware than most other peoples posts. Im also nice to everybody" -dril, visionary Disruptor; while smoking
#worldturtleday these beasts are simply armoured rats ,always and forever
absolute mustard ass
the more i think about it , the more it seems to me that apes look like fucked up versions of humans
i accept that all the things i post "For Fun" are to be met with physical violence, including elbows to the face, shattered knee caps, etc,
one thing for certain is the that the trolls are having a hell of a time Whacking off to the point of ignorance as if i even give a fuck .
"u women need 2﻿ get the fuck out of there i would marry a iranian girl but i would make her wear clothes made in 2010 not aladdin clothes"
archeologists in the year 4500 AD dig up a massive gym locker containing mummies of the 15 nerds who visited my website using a nintendo wii
everytime i click on the skull, a random dweeb's computer chair spins around at a million miles per hour and collapses underneath his ass
Let The Rapist Do Football.  Let The Rapist Teach The Kids To Run The Ball Good.  He Good At His Job And The Rapist Should Be Aloud To Do It
rscreaming "Shut the Fuck Up" over and over again at my monitor as it slowly morphs into a Mirror and only makes me angrier
this is gas lighing. ive read posts about this 
angel-voiced 5'2" man forbidden by mayor from performing at this years christmas pageant— "described as upsetting" "this tradition must end"
Keep an eye on "Apps", in 2013 and beyond.
my 5 point numerical scale determines how likely a user is to be negligent in wiping their ass properly, based on the stuff they post here
Announcing new feature called #Rubadubdub where my followers are encourgaged to post pics of themself inside the bathtub. Ban me i dont care
from the popular TED talks comes the TED Scream.  at first glance, it's a man screaming on stage. but can his screams change the world ???
if harvard offered to increase my IQ by one point per dollar i would simply say no. And that's the most important takeaway from all this
Ready to enjoy my Farm Fresh Mozzarella Sticks from Bertuccis, retweet my favorite celebs, and post some worms-eye pics of my Genitals &amp; Ass
when people fuck with me on sites i head for the beach and take it out on the crabs. i punch their shitty little bodies, i kick dirt at them
border colies are 250% Smarter than humans and stronger to, which is why the US Military refuses to breed them
wghen other people do jokes, they get the big buzz feed office, allowed to kiss girls,etc, but when i do it im treated like a Crook. typical
GUess who just renewed his subscription to Newsweek. this guy! (cue blurry stock footage of an unidentified fat old man spitting into a cup)
ill have what 2005 is having 
this one time-- me, DigimonOtis, and EpicWayne tried to open up a barbershop together, but the plan fell through due to my fear of hair
well if photocopying each page of a big book entitled "Piss Quotes" using company time and resources upsets u, then i guess youre a bad boss
im prety random *files tax return with a green pen*
just planted my big ass through a mans wind shield while trying to get my shirt out of a tree
myabe the people WITHOUT fetal alcohol syndrome are the ones with the so called "disorder"
#worstfeeling When Its Just To Much #bestfeeling Justright!
i love wearing clothes with words on them.  like a fucking caveman
"peppa pig" is the latest children's TV show that my followers cant wait to see ripped to shreds by my high IQ intelligence, live on my feed
theyer renovating my hard rock cafe.. just saw a mover man drag two crates of live rattlers inside..has Hard Rock gone TOo wild?? No F'n Way
boscov's is a highly professional organization Sir, and as such we refuse to engrave "the sex fucker" onto your george foreman panini press
What is it that you first seek when inspecting a profile which presents a potential networking opportunity
aahhhh am a gaaaamer of constant sorrow, 
cowboy `s blade
please don't use asterisks to censor words, they look like tiny assholes and make everything worse
web MD just told me I have "Fuckface Lymphoma" and that im an "Aids Man".  in light of this humbling news id like to apologize for my posts
A CELESTIAL BEAM SHATTERS THE ORACLE INTO ONE MILLION SHARDS, WHICH WONDROUSLY FLOAT INTO THE AIR AND FORM THE WORDS "PEAK BITCOIN"
 useles
attribute my creative decline to deep spiritual sickness caused by several pornographic hairstyles i accidentally looked at in time magazine
do not attach pieces of bullshit to m y net log without premission from my lawyer or ill take pictures of my monitor &amp; mail them to the judg
i agree with all party `s involved 
thinking of turning back into white (Caucasian)
duhhh ok yes sir thank you sir 
i fucking love logging in and out of things at incredible speed
one thing I will Not tolerate on this site is users organizing and planning "Orgies", also known as Group Sex.
.@EBERTCHICAGO What is Ur least favorite greek film. Greetz from turkey
click this post to spiritually align yourself with Hot Nacho , the devilishly delightful blend of actual nacho spices imported from DarkNet
you can put truck nuts on other things besides trucks idiot
pyramid was the first haunted hous.e  Fact.
Waiter! Oh Waiter! Yes, I`d like to know if I have earned any CashBack Reward`s™ with the purchase of my farm fresh miniature cucumber plate
i have performed の祈り&lt;mouth prayer&gt; in all 4 directions of the compass to stop ShirtlessClyde94 from leaking photos of my ghoulish pud to TMZ
proud to announce that after 30 years as a slave on my uncle's fishing vessel i no longer wish to fuck the post cereals honey-comb wanter
me and the boys charging through the streets carrying a massive battering ram headed for Mens big in tall store
as wander my study, Quill Pen in one hand, Whisky in the other, i muse, one might perhaps take me for a Famous Author, from the days of old,
the very best on line wife`s ass
mny life goal is to find and make love to the one millionth mom
the gaming challenge: load up your video game of choice and play it until you reach the credits sequence. the gaming challenge
Weekly reminder that the official Oprah App can be enjoyed by Oprah fans and supporters of Anti-Oprah alike.
you can learn so much crap just by clicking on like two things. 
i msay be woefully ignorant, but at least im good at justifying my existence with trite remarks
FOOL: Election day should be a national holiday GOD: No. Elections shault be held on the day of April Fool's, to teach WASHINGTONDC a lesson
 good
KLEBOLD: Wtf is this shit HARRIS: "Wii Sports Resort"? U call urself a gamer? LANZA: ... KLEBOLD: Get these fuckin trashbags off the windows
anguished imbecile pukes up a surprisingly intact mcgriddle while planting an IED in front of best buy
IN OUR LIFETIMES... "GOODBYE" TO MOUTH WASH
i love going to video games forums and posting shit like "Please tell me how to like Mario"
just remember what it is we're all fighting fo.r... 
looks like a "whos Who' of my dreadful follower list 
you utter fool. od not come in here asking to see rocky's dick. that is not the spirit of philly
once i get the brand surgry i expect dairy queen to come crawling back. to give me back my job of saying "dariy queen rules" for $0.01 an hr
the "Shit my pants" challenge: if you can make me cry or shit my pants though the computer ill apologize to everyone whosever been mad at me
the most solid benefit to owning your own pool is that you get to keep all the animals that drown in it
this guy was driving around with a decal of calvin pissing on nothing in particular. you missed the point entirely wwith this baffling setup
the famous time-tested classic, the philly cheesesteak, has become Sexualized by greed
get a life.  go fuck y ourself.  i have a life idiot.  help
only thing stopping me from being th 1st diaperbound wiccan 2 scale everest are all the handsome climbers who're prejudiced aganst big peopl
THE BOYS: were watching the mr bean episode where you can see his ass. get over here ME: cant. wifes making me watch mr beans holiday (2007)
year 2160 - the huggies corporation pays the united states govt 4 quadrillion dollars to suppress socialized sewage treatment
me and the most profound influencers of our time will soon "Bring back the chuck norris shit" in a display of raw contempt for our followers
i pay good money to load my sons bag with treats, and if Erasmus Infowars Copfucker wants to devour them in the university library, so be it
this is the final scheule.  do not contact me of this. 
mn 
theyre probably going to show my dick on cnn soon. hopefully on split screen with some dick expert from minnesota saying how normal it looks
reseurch 
#peakMale #godPerformance 
blue jean's... Activated .
#TheSaturdayMorningRamble was cancelled out of the respect of prime minister ariel sharon . please stop asking me about it. rip ariel sharon
Im online at the computer, ready to post pitures of my new sandwich, and ive got a hankering for my ass to get kicked
computer show me an animated picture of bugs bunny eating a huge watermelon in a way thats comical but not racist
someone needs to tell "TimOnline" that his username fucking sucks
WHAT HAPPENS TO THE SHIT -GOES BELOW GROUND AND ASSIMILATES WITH ROTATING MASS KNOWN AS "SUBTERRANEAN SHIT EARTH"- PROOF THAT HELL ISNT REAL
CONTEMPTUOUS NIGHTMARE: (blowing farts w/ mouth) ME: Sir! I demand your opinion regarding Organized Gender's influence on corn prices. SIR!!
the idea of saying "Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely" in the demonius voice every time i bust my load has suddenly become very good to me
the weak shall wither and die...(JACKS IN TO TREELOOT .COM CIRCA 1999 VIA THE INTERNET ARCHIVES AND CLICKS ON THE FUCKING TREE 100000 TIMES)
shut thr fuck up 
i plan on working very hard to shrink my dick in the coming monmths.  my goal dick is 2 inches erect
ME: computer; what is my Jeans Number please COMPUTER: your jeans number is 5. the ultimate compromise of durability &amp; comfort ME: (Smiling)
i post one amazon referral link to osme mens bathing suits that i found very tasteful/practical &amp; you all act like i put a gun to your heads
whats the job where you dress up like a michelin man and get attacked by vicious dogs. anyway thats the thing i spent $800000 at college for
the champagne-sipping hipsters are constantly begging me to make my account more "INDY"... but i got 1 thing to say to ya― NOT A CHANCE BUB!
im developing an app called "mr. beer". you can use it to ask mr. beer if beer is his favorite drink and he might say yes. mr. beer 2015
Yo Trolls: Maybe my jokes are bad because u create a hostile environment thatm akes me nervous. Maybe I piss my pants too. Maybe get a life
i absolutely deserve tax credit for offering my respectable toilet to government employees whenever i can
More jokes about the movie "Baby driver" .  Soon
I CAN PAINT CELTIC RUNES AND WICKED SPACESHIPZ ON YOUR PET SCORPION FOR 10,00 YUAN
i hate all of "Groupthink" , except for the groupthought that group thinks that groupthink is bull shit
i feel truly blessed ,knowing that everyone who has spoken ill of my brand is eating bugs in a cold prison cell.
i hate it when im jacking off, and... And, uh,.  thats it. thats the tweet
let me justt play devil's advocate here and say that eating shit is really good and im a dumb shithead and i love shit
god grant me the strengrh to raise $260 to create Skeleton MMORPG . if this kickstarter fails...im gonna Start Kickin
just sitting here waiting for mny nails to dry. i can debate the sex losers all day. but I wont because I possess the inner strength not to
shut the fuck up and kick my ass
I Just cried for 9 hrs because i realized i will never have my own Faerie, and NOw i gotta get my car inspected??  SEriously? Are U for REAL
the entire contents of the kfc smokehouse angus chicken snacker slide out and fall directly into my shirt. "IM FUCKED" i yell out
the way i see it, it seems these days, it seems impossible to have a good Economy, in this economy, as i see it
more and more sources are reporting "an end to sex"
oh every day i m getting Mail like, "It drives me Nuts! You are a fucked bitch, your posts stink my ass... But youre not wrong." and smiling
HOLD ON I GOT A JUSTIFICATION FOR THAT *A BUNCH OF SHITTY PIECES OF PAPER FALL OUT OF MY COAT**
its sunday morning which means u boys better either be in church or staying home because of another gynecomastia flare up like the poster me
a social network to help cops with dirty boots meet browbeaten civilians who want to Spit`s shine the boots for free.. my one true vision
i have been strategically poisoning myself to make my dick smaller and more cone-shaped so it can fit into condoms easier
big steel drivin' hank gordon bubba once told me i aint once put on what it could not do, but to what i can't do on what i put myself on for
looking for medicines that will make the fish in my koi pond shit less often
Star wars is back baby . . . Confirmed by @Dril
my garbage family is staging an intervention or something for me because i forgot what its called when people have a chin made out of hair
horny, distressed man causes local planetarium to collapse
12 year slave huh? sounds like my marriage. which I dont enjoy. to the degree that it is succinctly described by that particular movie title
thinking going to the Kingdom of Heaven for fucking one trillion years is a fairly nice deal
see this watch? i got it by Crying. my car? crying. my beautiful wife? Crying. My perfect teeth? Crying. now get the fuck out of my office
it's Damn cold out there! Hope you got shirts #WebAndMediaContent #FrromTheContentBoy
thw man who killed bin laden... angel or demon 
it is so hard folks, to maintain my world famous Post- Racial Outlook, when the damn gas prices refuse to stay down tto a reasonable level,
changing my bio to "Nobody Helps Me" , to punish society
genderman's only weakness is being told that his name contains a masculine bias
god wil put me in his pocket
rodent website
the knock out game is a lot of crap. Lord heal oru youth . Lord heal our youth #TheThursdayNiteRant
i invented the "bacon is good" joke. i invented the meme of people liking bacon. all sorts of people are copping my gag and im pissed
There is a widespread campaign of fear being devised and perpetuated against me just because my dick looks like a cartoon character
fat nude man in guy fawkes mask sucked up by jet engine while doing jumping jacks on runway. the olympics have been cancelled in his honor
" i never met a Simpson i didn't like. " -SimpsonsWade
my new shit:  "Burger king = mc donalds"  Please let me know what you think of my new shit, and provide suggestions on how I can improve it.
sell shares in pond demons. i;m disappointed in pond demons
#KINGOFSWAG do disfiguring bruises on my significant other's face qualify as "swag" #teambreezy #filthypeople #worst
lime and pear is the same "Lime &amp; Pear: Same Fruit" (they are the same) #LimeAndPearTheSame // Opinion: Limes are no different from pears
im starting a new feature on my feed called "Boy's Thought's" where I just riff on the things of day to day life and maybe some surprises to
I do oft in times flush my waste as soon as possible. I have no desire to look at it. I would rather be reading expensive novels to my wife.
chating with lawyer on aol instant messenger.
once again i apologize
The Band Was Originally Called "The Red Hot Chili Diapers" Before A Policeman Said No [citation needed]
which film or work of art rujined my life the most. im going to have to say men and black 2.
611 Ass illustrations and clipart. Affordable Royalty Free Stock Photography. Downloads for just $1.00, with thousands of images added daily
I am selling 10,000 of my followers to @CampBowWow for Nine Cents. Starting tomorrow you will be following @CampBowWow instead of me.  Bye
i overhear 2 social media experts discussing hardcore brand strats for 2015. Next Level. i immediately duck into a restroom &amp; hyperventilate
consider how unprepared society would be if every bug and moth flying around just started taking giant shits constantly, like human sized
the professor said our assignment is to make.. a MEme?? i've got this shit on lockdown. i pump my fist and hop on my hideous adult tricycle
update from the good time line—Bacion is legal to eat at work thanks to President Banksy in the whitehouse, now known as the star wars house
HIBACHI MAN AT @BENIHANA__ - WILL NOT PREPARE  KRAFT MACARONI AS REQUESTED - THIS IS THE ONLY THING I CAN EAT - IM VERY ILL
live free or die.  kfc
the only Pro-Israel carpet cleaning service in the tri-county area
not sure if im hearing all the lyrics, but it seems like the guy in the song "Bad to the bone" is bad because he has a lot of consensual sex
ah.. the perfect Souffle! cant wait to dig in to t(*EVERY PIPE IN MY HOUSE EXPLODES AT THE SAME TIME, COVERING ME IN SHIT AND BOILING WATER*
U have to listen to this song "Signs" by the five man electrical band... the guy is just owning the fuck out of all these signs, it's insane
*gets booed at USO show for makig Diaper Jokes, calls all the troops Fuckers*
burger king just did a $100 billion ad campaign to tell us theyre putting piss in the food now when i tell people that for free every day
iwish i could grasp my monitor by both sides and shake all the stupid ass trinkets off this youtube reviewers shelves
world health organization apparently "too busy" to look at my idea for a backwards hospital gown that covers only the ass
women aare setting unrealistic body standards by expecting me to wear a tuxedo 24/7 and to not flip out at waiters
my loyal followers are calling me a "Pussy" because a car kicked up a piece of rebar or something and popped me inthe fucking teeth at 99mph
forced to commit suicide on live tv after 50yr old post comes to light in which i claim that scotus clarance thomas jacks off using his feet
im sorry for claiming that all cops wear big fake boobs full of milk under their shirts and use them to breastfeed criminals. only some do
pringles caliphate
 Looks like shit
The offending article of clothing read "Big Bird Sucked My Dick &amp; All I Got Was This Lousy TShirt". I have blocked this person from my life,
i dont know about you guys but my uncle has been dying to meet all your uncles. did somebody say twitter dot com uncle meet????
the us census has analyzed 100 million diapers and figured out which race has the worst smelling turds ,making live leak comments obsolete
wiping your ass is now officially Politics
suck 100 metal dicks for a 1/256 chance of viewing a lovely 3d cutscene
typically, you can extract aobut 10mg of bone marrow from a single owl pellet.  mix with water and pour over nachos for free instant meal
just tape the car horn down and cars will naturally move away from you. you can drive anywhere. it is called, "The Instinct of the Beast"
Feeling very crapped on by my followers
imagining the guys on Shark Tank laying into the guy who invented the fucking porky pig character "What were you thinking !!"
"There is no known cure for dog autism." - vetinfo.com
IF COOLTRAINERDUSTIN ACTUALLY HAD A CRYSTAL THAT U COULD GAZE INTO 2 SEE ALL EPS OF "MIND OF MENCIA" HE WOULD PRETTY MUCGH HAVE 2 SHOW ME IT
noticing a lot more rear collisions after adhering my "9/11 Was An Inside Doge" bumper sticker. people must be too busy laughing to pay attn
I Hope So 
DONE WITH people who think that ronald macdonald is a real person
youll never shut me the fuck up , no matter how many times you unfollow me, you will never shut me the fuck upon here!! get lost Cyber scum!
im probably going to post more messages on here soon so please don't unfollow me
❒Single ❒Taken ✔GenderDead
hackers are finding ways to inject jokes underneath my posts and i ask my subscribers to remain calm unti;l ive sorted this all out with 911
the dress Color? (grins Intelligently at the hell about to be unleashed upon naive content consumers) its brown, because i wipe my ass of it
I CAN THINK OF AT LEAST TEN REASONS WHY I WOULD TAKE MY SHIRT OFF AT THE DMV AND NONE OF THEM CONSIDER THE TEMPERATURE
review: koala kare diaper station with the fuckin bear on it. awful. sorry im not some size 0 model who can use this without it snapping off
 this is how to fuck on craigslist
the police cut off my finger for sending my birth mark shaped like the under armor logo to the under armor social media manager unsolicited.
spending time thinking about a fucking disastrous hypothetical penis that has a hole thats wider than the shaft, like a funnel. and frowning
point blank blasting a pair of jeans with a 120 decibel leaf blower at 6am even though i have been" warned about doing this"
seeing people performing perfect slam dunks on the basketball court is worthless to me.  It;s nothing
1) All Sex Is Rape -- 2) Sex Is A Synonym Of Gender -- 3) There Fore Gender Is Unequivocally Rape -- 4) Set & Match , Gendertards.
an Oscar category for super bowl ads in the future?? perhaps in a less judge mental world,
laying in the submissive position, letting a gang of trolls piss all over me and saying "Im getting too old for this shit" like a bad ass
how to convert ouija board to xbox controller using only a dead gamer
rooting through some damn womens' purses. all of the things in these purses suck. i don't give a shit
computer DeleteMyPorno "EraseMyPorno"
any 1 know where the bannasa are.  i promise im not moneky president.  if u know where the bana are emale me at the_ape_potus@whitehous.gov
-dont click on nudtiy -do not respond to nudity -wear a loin cloth underneath your clothes in case theyre ripped off by mechanical equipment
as the sex principal it is my duty to wear a color-coded tie that indicates how many people i will have sex with today durnig working hours.
and now its time to pay the pipe
Eiating a $26 Wagyu peanut butter and jelly sandwich while pushing some buttons on my watch
WOw.  Sorry. Like i give a shit. Wiseguys on here
gonna need a relaly good explanation from twitter corp. as to why the recently added "me" button leads to a picture of a rat in a clown suit
the human mind... perhaps the most powerful weapon. second only to the "GUN"
"but the oval office wasnt around when John tyler was president" says hte nerd as my ass slowly engulfs his pathetic, misshapen head
a trail of rose petals leads you to a room bathed in warm candlelight. piled on the sofa is every guinness record book published after 2004
dark times......... 
a Husband said to a Doctor... Write me up a prescription of" Myfuckin".. Indeed, yes. Myfuckin Beer, Myfuckin cofffe,Mmyfuckin slippers, etc
im not your real uncle #nightmarerevelations
thinking about getting some miniature Gibson guitar replicas box framed, and hanging thenm up for the boys to come over and look at
i was also goig to make a joke about how putting a dry rub on the vaccines makes them cause less autism but the science is still out on that
us governmnet kidnaps swazi rape orphans and forces them to watch the sad dog episode of futurama while monitoring their vital signs for $
meanwhile im going to stay up all night and color my dick with markers
WIFE thinks she can tell her man, when to SHIT!! WELL GUESS WHAT! i will SHIT when I LIKE TO! and if that Pisses her off..DIVORCE HER ASS !!
EVERY ONE: Divorce jokes are SO funny, and I love to spout my mouth to disresepect  and jeff ME: No no no. Im uncomfortable. No
the basketball version of a home run is when you throw a basketball really hard at the roof and get it stuck in the rafters some how
please help mme. my dad sent me $40000 to go to Fight College but I spent it all on making a big hormel foods logo out of gorilla glue
Seems to me that we have been more becoming like a country of people who let Cell phones define our brain... FUCK !!!
if this shit costs me the Fanta deal i will: 1) become eeven more racist 2) cancel all Thursday Nite Rants 3) add a switchblade to my avatar
konami_Boi gives his baby daugther up for adoption so he can convert her crib into a display case for his exotic collection of sounding rods
reminder to all mh followers that if something i post catches your eye you can "Like " or share it to your friends w/ that re-tweet button
eating baby food. baby food for adults. adult baby food. i eat baby food. eat baby food as an adult. tricks to eating baby food as an adult.
i refuse to patronize Famous Dave's BBQ until they throw cultural sensitivities to the wind and change their name back to "the piss morgue"
guy walking around flaunting his mittens around. claiming that nothings better than mittens. i show him my gloves and he flips the fuck out
by refusing to accept my invitation to a formal debate. octomom has gone Rogue
unfortunately the red cross does not accept blood that you foundi n the trash can or blood that has been coughed up into your shitty beard
special message to the wrestler who got himself on mars and knocked the curiosity robot over--- im going to turn you into Bugs
Showtime. Feel the sweat on your palms. Face the hideous, bloodthirsty crowd. All eyes on you. It's all or nothing. It's #TheThurdayNiteRant
the most important part of any account on here is the posts. if you dont have the posts youre basically finished
LawAndOrderGal has entered JeansChat LEVIS_GAURDIAN: NEED A FUCKING DRAINAGE RIG THAT WONT SCALD MY THIGHS LawAndOrderGal has left JeansChat
a banner ad that pissed me off siad "This Guys Getting More "Ass" Than You Ever Will " and it was just a picture of the nutty professor
pledging to cut down on "oafish" behavior, such as accidentally eating spicy food or having my shirt ripped off by a windmill
evry young man MUST receive a cupbox at the age of 17 to carry his favorite cups around and to give him a valuable lesson in responsibility
Q: Dear @Dril, friend to all online. Do Good people die? A: Good people absolutely do not die, and you have bveen blocked for asking me this
#WalgreensLatino please stop posting my username
bush was the president who likes oil. correct? so what i think is that its actually "Castor oil", because he leaves a bad taste in my mout!!
donald trump has no time to fuck. he looks at his watch and says "i could not possibly fuck at this juncture." as he powerwalks into the zoo
one more. good night 
its the weekend baby. youknow what that means.  its time to drink precisely one beer and call 911
god shaped hole found on piss stained miracle mattress
barby dolls are worthless to me
OPRAH: Take us back to the time you invented the famous Livestrong Bracelet. ME: well..i was at boston market, just looking at my wrist, and
so i heard they invented a new type of mirror that spares me from having to lay eyes upon my extremely hideous visage.  it's called a "wall"
#ChrisBrownPickupLines im ignorent. my music bad. my pubic hair smells like shit. my dicks smal. grammys only let me on cause my dad is rich
i put years of hard work into getting my torture degree at torture college &amp; now everyones like "oh tortures bad","its ineffective" fuck off
most important art movements in human history??  three way tie between impressionism, cubism, and Bullet Time
"nobama" legally changes name to "yesbama".  approval rating rises 40%
ah.. why is it that computers can send hateful commentary thorugh the modem... but weren't designed to send something nice.. like a Song
me and six or seven other worked up, wild eyed heteros are gonna bust up a gas station with grappling hooks to protest obamas new hoagie tax
media outrage over the discovery of geiorge zimmerman's Gun Sink, a kitchen sink filled to the brim with guns
need a dog who can maneuver something in the ball park of 600000 blocks of limestone around my yard 
if i were police i would send bugs bunny and his shit pals to prison for violating the constitutional order of the united states of america.
mmy next big emotional investment is becoming passionately covetous of the bowls of warm tap water that are commonly left out for dogs
Coward-Centric Platform twitter, removing user handles from character limit, giving the repliers more ammunition with which to shit on me,
forum gods: 1) the guy who dug a big hole in his basement &amp; posted pictures of the hole 2) the guy who intentionally gave his wife head lice
i need towels sent to my house .  this is not a fucking joke this time
dont mind me... im just a forgotten content creator from a bygone era, whose dick happens to be covered in aphids
being desperate enough for human connection to go onto girls posts &amp; chide them for using Twitter Web Client or whatever other one they used
triyng to calculate the precise amount of gunpowder needed to blow up my dick, and only my dick
from what i undestand gerrymandering is the process of manipulating districts in such a manner that gnarly dicks show up on the election map
$5 poison vs $100,000 poison.. which kills more Rats
my fatass head floating in the sky, looking down at all the Girls i follow bantering/ having a nice time on here, nodding, thinking its good
mr. Crapped On Daily
every day, the content creator sits at his Oak Escritoire and asks "How can I transfer the maximum amount of pain to my parasitic Engagers"
climmbing the power lines until i am less pissed off
if real life was a tv show.  the eclipse would be one of the episodes of it
Seth i mean.
i spend a lot of time reading the constatution of the united states of america while grinning ear to ear
that last psot was damn good enough to count as the 12th day of content if i say so my self. #The12DaysOfContent
guy who once posted "Service dogs love having their ears grabbed" given permanent seat in wolf blitzers situation room #Redemption
(everyone in dm notices ive been trying to type something for 10min straight) sorry all. iwas just writing down a girls phone number in here
whoever sent me that vile picture of an undimpled necktie- congratulations for emotionally ruining a man and undoing years of therapy
Surfin' the net.
twitter 2050 is an enhanced reality experience where you can step into a virtual sweatshop and lecture the workers about their Table Manners
martin luther king did not have a favorite type of lunchables. absolutely ridiculous and inappropriate. @kraftfoods please delete
these are the same steroids that cops use... and you can now order them online for the very first time
the problem with some things today is that they arent good. but when you say that, Oop! Surprise! i'm being argued with and shitted uppon. h
imagnie a world where us Common folk are given the blue checkmark and the CELEBs are left out to dry!! Hows that feel, HUh?! Answer me punks
this's police. your ass is grass. your tits are toast. your dick is dirt. your balls are busted. your mouth is Mother Fucked. your shit is s
im seated down, and Ready to get  pissed off.........
PHANTOM LIMB PAIN #WHITEPEOPLEPROBLENMS
cant wait til my teeth fall out so i can get those new gamer dentures that all the chatrooms are screaming about
i just need to say, to anyone reading this.. You are Important, You are loved, and You belong in this world, if you have over 5000 followers
#e3rumors a stodgy executive wil get on stage, spread his legs, and officially "give birth" to the new xbox. millions will detest this stunt
helping the waitstaff by wiping the table down with the same disgusting napkin that I just used to sop up all the bullshit off my face
In my sincere opinion, 7-11 is weighing down the Big Gulp brand with their clownish chain of filthy convenience stores.
before the holy ghost died--- there was the father, the son and TacoBellMaven
inner dipaer absorbing the brunt of it, mid-diaper locking down any and all "Stragglers", outer diaper "The courtesy diaper" for the fans...
*stares at a man doing jumping jacks in complete awe* How is he doing that
the most bone headed move is to just go out and about with a name like "scooter." that shit sucks. Hell no. i would not even name a dog that
"Spike TV should put on a slideshow of your most celebrated posts, accompanied by a tasteful, easy listening soundtrack." well, This is true
if i wanted to watch super bowl id just put on one of the damn 50 other super bowls they did.  you've all fucked up once again
now that the unofficial, unauthorized Hall and Oates Super PAC is dead I might as well lie face down in the fucking bathtub until im bones .
alright everyone. the official superpretzel website has given me word that there is no wrong way to eat a superpretzel. that settles it
checked my inbox for 2 seconds &amp; immediately saw a genital. could not parse which type of genital it was before tossing my phone out the car
when the mother fuckers wrote "Yankee Doodle", i bet they thought we were still going to give a shit about the word "Doodah" in 2020,
matrix 2: pedaphile killer
tthe best posts are the ones that are like, "Never tell some one with pectus excavatum to shut the fuck up"
100 years ago i looked at the first ever drawing of mickey mouse and i said out loud that that shit was going to make $99,000,000,000,000
hmm. myaybe we should tax Stupid People. and hipster. *the nation stands and applauds, I enjoy a successful career in legislature for 60yrs*
its fucked up how there are like 1000 christmas songs but only 1 song aboutr the boys being back in town
When Ur Girl Is "On Point" - Hooking U Up With That Gold Bond Medicated Powder - Because She KNOw That The Dick Good
the xrays indicate you have a laughing skull in your stomach,. youre deathpreg. diont you dare give birth to that bonehead in my office
peppercorn ranch &amp; buttermilk ranch... one of these is good, the other is completely Fucked, and its not my responsibility to tell you which
micheal_jackson_gets_horny_on_jeopardy.swf
jusut dropped 8000000 HKD on a usb-interfaced sniper rifle that blocks one of my insolent followers at random every time i pull the trigger
in a show of deference towards teens , the majestic mount fuji has been renamed to ``Teen mountain`` , in a move that is sure to piss me off
id like to report an error of the googleglass please. if you accidentally wear it backwards it sends video of a big horrible eye to everyone
copy puste this if you think that rhinos can kick humans ass ,even if humans are using the guns.
completing my "Dip Shit" look by donning a humongous bib with a picture of a sailboat on it
a good bad -ass thing would be a criminal who throws lots of hand grenades and kisses them each time. they could use this in agent of shield
social distancing? I've been social distancing my whole life Lol . no ventilators? Ive been breathing without a ventilator my whole life Lol
i will tell you this right now: I'm from hell. Im highly fucked up. Ive been known to say rude things and watch the carnage unfold brutally
invoke my big ass with satan noises or go home
assault on liberty: the local farms have begun smearing dragon blood on their pig troughs to keep me away from them
givign my social security number to the valentines day app to find out which idiot wants to see my dick the most
by calling them "Stackers" instead of quesadillas, taco bell is legally allowed to fill them with 49% bird shit
i wonder if social media newsbots ever miss their former lives as the beautiful women in their profile pics
i will never allow myself to go to hell without finding a way to take my laptop and piss soaked mattress along with me
my opinion of Personal Drama in World Events?? Hell, theres not enough of it. my opinion of politics in Racism? There aint enough of it
the famous "dewey defeats truman" photograph except it's me holding up the hedaline that says jacking off cures prostate cancer
"the key to making that steak sizzle is to get a nice dry rub from your dry rub man, and prayer. prayer fucking owns" - sun tzu or some shit
#AmexAlicia i HATE the aid bug
santa opens the door, says "happy birthday", rummages through your potpourri bowl for no reason, leaves without giving you any presents
i believe labels are pointlessly divisive and have no proper place in our society but i'm pretty much basically a jock and not a nerd at all
id love to be 1 of those purple espn guys who puts boulders on descending columns but id probly get all sorts of penut gallery comments here
my more astute readers have noted that i botched the hashtag. its not supposed to be "the thursday nite rat". i cannot fix it. its locked in
what is the best kind of acid to spray my own dick with as a joke
i dumped an entire bottle of glitter into my diary for teen blindness, what hte fuck have you done lately
-racist, -unsanitary condittions (animal near food) - fake holiday -ill eviscerate this pic further at a later time. 
i want to fuck a sheet of paper
I AM NOT AFRIAD TO USE THE WORDS "FU*K" AND "S*HT" WHEN DEALING WITH SNAKE OIL SALESMEN ON THE PHONE
but enough about my dick. today, I would like to talk to all of you about the Toilet.
in hell you are forced to smoke weed
need a virginity restoration spell for rats
every one who has ever retweeted my shit owes me $125 for sharing my personal data, full stop
i call upon familiars david blaine &amp; criss angel to help me discretely wash this pocket pussy in the soda fountain at the peiwei asian diner
some times it takes a little bit of Free thinking to be able to look at the bull shit of the world to step back and say "Damn What the hell"
This is f ucked up.  /m4m/ Gangnam-Piss  Jesus christ. Holy shit man. Check out this fucked up man.
my nudes.. have strengthened my brand. apparently barkeepers glue them to the back of their urinals to stop people from pissing on the floor
#BenghaziCommittee my dick is normal sized. every morning i use a q-tip dipped in windex to clear scuff marks off of it. i have no illnesses
WHEN IT IS TIME FOR ME TO BE QUIET, I AM EASILY FOOLED BY THE FAKE RUBBER NIPPLE OF A PACIFIER. I THINK THAT IM GETTING MILK OUT OF THE DEAL
i get dozens of compliments about my perfect ears every day. it's llike Shut the fuck up. Im trying to eat a bagel in my car and you do this
if you turn the patterns on their shirts 90 degrees... the trusted REFEREE becomes the despicable PRISONER.... truly life is a fragile Bitch
the Joe Dirt watcher's rockin' Joe Dirt quote of the week:  "Watch Joe Dirt"
when you're sitting on the toilet theres a tiny opening between the seat and your dick/nut area. this is known as "The Daredevil's Spittoon"
ive gotten word that pussy_hacker has taken SirGamestop out for a night on the town that he wont soon forget, and then some ,
patreon reward demecratic debate live commentary by "SirGamestop"
well yeah if you look at this Joe Pa thing from the whole "Rape Angle" it looks pretty skeevy, but remember that time he did good at sports?
i command my exwife to pour gunpowder into my pipe as i grip it between my clenched teeth and read money magazine
M Jackson Your Rapes Are Forgiven, in death you are no olnger bound by your disgusting criminal actions, Also I Like "The Moonwalk"
i would NEVER misappropriate funds from my panera bread gloryhole kickstarter to buy mustard gas,, you BRUTES , oyu selfish, horrible APES
Geting that "Impersonating an officer" money
#Zodiacfacts if yourre a #taurus!  get a life
MOE Hitler mrudered over 9million people you numbskull  Moe uses the claw of a hammer to yank on Curly's nostrils  CURLY Nyuuaagghh!!
mr Wantin to be suckin
keelhaul my dick
DOCTOR: you have the balls of an 80 year old man. your dick is mostly normal. your pubes suck. I didn't look at any other parts of you ME: h
imagining a guy who calls every Simpsons character a "Simpson" (even ancillary ones, outside of the main family) and letting him ruin my day
alright shit for brain listen up. i dont want this guacamole stuff youre peddling. its green and it looks sick. go home #TheThursdayNiteRant
mantis is a small green dog. not bug #CancelColbert
goinh to stay inside all weekend with my vast library of console releases. due to Wuhan
the dj who makes crude dog noises on my radio every day should listen to my rare metals podcast &amp; learn how a real content producer behaves.
ironing my suspender straps and treating them with powders... in the privacy of my study...making the nit wits and losers absoltuley furious
i want to put on a really ugly shirt but i can't because of trolls. AAAGH **unscrews lightbulb from lamp, throws it into toilet, perfect aim
im sorry the trolls bugged my office and everyone had to hear me say "heres your sign" over and over again in a shitty bill engvall voice.
BILY JOEL ROCKS MY HEART AND SOOTHES MY SOUL - FINAL ANSWER REGIS - AS I LAY DYING
if youre not a fellow big time social buzz blog appreciateor then spare me thhe wretched crap of the bullshit
the Clitoral pussy
i accidentally legally changed my name to "Child Porn Man", if u have any experience dealing with this issue i owuld appreciate your input.
wow how about instead of spitting that moutwash down the drain you spit it on your chest and rub it allover your self #TimesRunningOut
#girltime "dating",as we know it,is an outdated pratice that can be traced back 2 thge pre-sapiens imbecile, hurling turds at their pregnant
Pull up a chair kiddies, its Thread time.  Let's get to the point. I messed up. I said that the super bowl is a game show, when it cle(1/66)
hank williams jr fired from his new job of yelling in front of a chrysler dealership for calling esteemed justice sonia sotomayor a Swindler
prime smut 
fuck it , if youre still anonymous in 2018 you are 100% a pervert
my crippling fear of Hell makes me  post really good things on my timeline #blessed
i was given a purple heart for being the fox executive who invented the 3d football robot &amp; made homer stop showing his ass on the simpsons
turn on c-span, therse a man with an anonymous mask doing parkour on the senate floor and im rubbing my face on the tv to absorb his energy
i propose a Bussiness offer of the boy who says"Damn daniel".. i should like for him to grace the company of me &amp; my wife, for twelve jewels
appreciating every post online is akin to acquainting oneself w/ each earthly grain of sand..and i absolutely intend to do both these things
they got the idea of shocking gay people, into straight, from the episode where fred flintstone gets bonked in the head and becomes a Genius
i speak for every mother fucker when i say i would pay gladly $100000 for a Mature version of Franklin the turtle show
legitimately undesirable mousetrap grit (wasn't asked for)
(in perfect astronnaut voice) bleep bloop even I cant figure out how to use damn itunes and im from Nasa
disrespecting our soldiers is TREASON !!!!!!!!!! see u in hell u son of a bitch. *kicks orange cat effigy* #veteransday
PLACING SCREAM MOVIE MASK OVR MY HEAD AS MY HUGE GLISTENING BODY SLOWLY ROTATES IN MY HELL REALM,CONTROLING 600 MONITORS,SMOKING A 3D HOOKAH
it warms my heart when i see people of every race and creed, setting aside their differences in order to spew piss into my cage and scare me
local singles want to meet you in YOUR AREA!  click here to call the COPS
father wont stop opening my amazon boxes—How to proceed? (Self,Legal) TOP VOTED: put a live wire in his car &amp; light his ass up. Cook his ass
emerging from dissociative fugue as husky teen w/frosted tips, striped polo, red shorts, nokia N-gage, unusually hot mom, above ground pool,
if i learned anything in business school its that you can disarm any competitor by insinuating he carries his turds around in his briefcase
be sure to check out my repulsively athletic legs &amp; thighs featured on the shitty offbrand bag version of wheaties at your local supermarket
I didn't want it to end like thtis.  I am so sorry. My hands were tied. The rants weren't getting enough Favs so the sponsor pulled the plug
chase bank is simply trolling by removing money from random peoples accounts, it's funny and ground breaking and if you get mad your a karen
didnt r. lee ermey provide his voice for a diaper commercial sometime in the 90s .  im pretty sure he did but I cant find proof it exists
what can i say. my hatres are my motivators (gets pic of nude man covered in syrup sent to inbox) FUCk. Please stop
dog abuse 小狗的悲劇(3D animation)
hot wheels toys for adults called Adult wheels
do NOT go to "ZiggyMania" at the Tehran Hilton; only two or three ziggy booths set up; one of them tries to sell u fabrics you dont need
pplease remember to turn your location on so the buffoons on this web site can have an easier time finding you, for whatever horrible reason
some opf the things people put on this website set off the old "BULL SHIT" detector.....
the dogs playing poker painting is ranom wacky bullshit, it is now considered not good by me, and i have made the decision to not look at it
at around 36:29 in the steve harvey fleshlight vid you can see a single tear rolling down his cheek, crying for the lost souls watching him
No 
phew. im out of breath from looking at blades online all day
getting the zone auto zone
HOT NEW VID -- CYBERDUNCE EVISCERATED BY ERROR PROMPT ON LAPTOP -- #TOPFAILS -- #TOPAWKWARD - FUCKING IDIOT - WATCH HIM CLICK "OK"
Bill gates has so many followers that if he accidentally posts a picture of his spread ass hole its not even worth his time to delete it.
post "I love the mcdonalds Five for Five plan" if you support Don. post "Mcdonalds five for five is Bumpin" if you support Hillary J Clinton
i sense a demonic presence clicking x on my usless posts...........
what anm i gonna do with this warehouse full of osama bin laden toilet paper. nobody wants to wipe their ass with a dead guy
turn all the food on earth into wolf urine #waystopissoffafatperson
im the sex principal. i have sex all the time in the techer lounge. i fuck the lady teachers & i fuck the man teachers. im all fat and shit.
whats more racist?  saying "I am a black men's penis" in 2006, or having my presidential run kneecapped, for doing that
whos been leaking my dm box . 
water is fucking gross. it tastes like nothing. assholes drink it
leaked footage of me taking my dick off and puttingg it in a glass of polident on my nightstand before bed
what if you took jethro tull "aqualung" &amp; replace the parts where he says aqualung with "octomom" #BeyondFuckedUp #Sponsored @sheratonhotels
liist of people who drink beer: wastoids, junkfreaks, crimepunks, crankensteins, grimesmackers, pissbois, mudgeeks, roadslime, and meatballs
jeopardy should give the contestants guns and make them shoot the categories. i think that this would improve the image of the guns brand
im redoing the funeral for my ass because nobody took the first one seriously enoguh. too many attendees yapping off &amp; refusing to be seated
opening my samsung Direct app to get samsung directuly to me
sending the obese isis guy pics to girls &amp; saying "Me", printing out the kissy face emojis they send back and hanginh them up in my cubicle.
#atlanticecon please disable all of your wi-fi devices to prevent Gremlins from entering this trustsphere of minds. inflation is a myth. bye
world aids. also known as Humanity. *eyebrows contort bizarrely as i attempt a haughty facial expression until the commotion makes me vomit*
well i believe its time to ugly up my face with some techno baby bullshit to show everyone how unapologetically humorless i am #throughglass
respect me.. respect my #Setup 
im the Rembrandt of naked yoshies
i had a nightmare that i kept clicking the logout button and it just kept logging me into this website again and again
eat shit , jc penney skeptics 
Today ,  I am every Husband
next issue:  should miserable, long-winded diatribes about what constitutes art be considered "Art" ???
"i hope they serve dumpsters in hell " me, eviscerating a dumpster diver verballym, before closing the dumpster lid on top of him
((frowning) cause im the Apps Man (depression) YEah yeah im the apps man
how high does my postcount have to be before i'm eligible for Mensa
just inherited about 200 crude dog statues my grandma sculpted to scare Angels away from her propertyl,
revamped.  reloaded.  ready to roll. austin 4.0.  blasting directly to dvd may 2016.  too randy for theatrers
YES...i have the healthiest Gum Line as verified by the Department of Records NO...i will not chew food for you NO...you may NOT kick my ass
examining the Ape Case: perhaps many are mirthful of its death as apes are akin to Golems &amp; Vampires, cinematic villains of the classic era,
"WHO NEEDS ISLAM WHEN YOU HAVE SIXTEEN BORDER COLLEYS JUMPIN AROUND " - THE PROPHET MUHAMMAD
haha jokes on you halo 4 admins..  my daughter isnt really dying . i lied. thanks for the doublr XP Bitch.
theoretically , tips could be done away with entirely if i were allowed to enter the kitchen and personally retrieve my entrees ChefToTable
in the yard, lying , on my back gripping my ankles wih my Rear end in the air yelling hurry!! Hurry! Spray the hose at my ass hole
another day volunteering at the betsy ross museum. everyone keeps asking me if they can fuck the flag. buddy, they wont even let me fuck it
TRied to sell some cool EbaumsWorld Merch to Wallstreet Protesters, was told to "Fuck Off" by probable agent provocateur; Im Sad and Fearful
"corky romano: Storie's" a dvd release of short films that focus on ancillary characters of the corky romano universe. sept. 23. msrp $39.99
youll know whehn it happens
pissed thr fuck off by "Dub step"
The dog days of summer,. Its the dog days of summer everyone (Flapping gums aboutn othing, doesnt know what dog day is, knows he fucked up)
Reviewing your application for my exclusive group dm with girls in it... Hmm whats this? In 2016 you said my posts are "Family guy" ? Denied
if youre sick of Incest, please support Anti Incest by changing your avatar red. if your avatar already has green tint then please remove it
who does this guy think he is. 
yeah babe. im 007 license to kill. im basically really fucked up and mentally ill from all the murders I did.**yawn* i got a gun tattoo also
if i ever subconsciously steal your tweets DM me for a frree 8x10 glossy of my horrible fucking face and a good ass arby's coupon
would like to know why my eBay account has been replaced by dead ladybugs. user name is "good_and_bad_days_haver_1963"
This Was Supposed To Be The Summer Of Lonesome George
just admiring my "Pornfree" badge . 
2017: writing shitty articles called like "Disruption: The Praxis of Chaos" 2018: saying astronauts put tubes up their ass to suck the turds out
if you like the band "Shinedown" you will love this video of me getting trounced by police officers while demanding to meet them
jsut tried to climb onto the stage shirtless with "INDIE" painted on my body but a sniper murdered me off-cam .  #Oscars
drawing that big boy hair.. therapeutic 
if it werent for the invention of the electric chair iw ould do so much crime. id be smashing vases and shit right now
Just got chemical castrated in exchangge for a free oil change at pep boys #Dealmaker #Boss
" my arthritic balls and cum "
my new job is being the guy who says "Sir You Can't Film Here" repeatedly to people who bring recording gadgets to aldi markets
i love absorbing knowlegde from the expansive breadth of electronic information that exissts on this plane we call OnLine. its good to do it
president obama orders assassination of the man who holds a "COWBOY ISNT REAL" sign outside of the longhorn steakhouse
everyone send me indie films about uncancelling "wild hogs 2" and i promise to project them onto my garage door. no cussing or nude, plaese.
my 35 year old son is howling because he clogged the toilet without using any toilet paper again. the neighborhood despises my howling boy
the boys on shark tank just loving my propeller beanie that sprays piss everywhere while it spins
pissed off by the idea of my ass becoming grass
the jury is still out on whether building giant statues of my head pleases god, or pisses Him off
when journalism was good, 
thre most classic shit is when somebody on tv or in real life says "What about lunch"
30+ YEARS OF CATHY ABRUPTLY HALTED-- LATEST VICTIM OF CORPORATE ELITE'S WAR AGAINST POPULIST INSUBORDINATION #OPPRESSION #BETRAYAL #ARTDEATH
watching another childrens tv show where they accidentally made the school bully the best character by far
if the sting ray that killed steve irwin tried to kill me i would bust its ass and crumple it up like a newspaper
ME: itunes, play some sinatra ITUNES: Youre not authorized to operate itunes. Please insert NASA identification ME: what hath ,been wrought!
 my girfriend latest victim of disgusting bp oil spil
a respectful nod to all my friends whohave been removed from group chats after having some sort of melt down.  "The Fallen Angels"
A Funny Dog Join Kurdish Tribe For A Dirty Dance .
couldent have said it better.
amusing that i am constantly told those words of "Fuck off" by the girls of here... when i can hook them up with any App that they desire...
the new NIssan Altima branded bean bag chair is a SLAP IN THE FACE!! to all lnissan Altima loyalists and people who enjoy car commercials
my problems with "who to follow" 1.i dont know most of these people well enough to burden them with a follow 2.it should be 'whom to follow"
they are trying to make the 2020s the decade of Nude
#ILoveYouBut my foreskin is tangled up in the axle of a toy car and my leg is turning purple
everoynes talking about comey but, get this: i dont even know who he is 2934 RT 1293 FAVS i dont know what nintendo is either 0 RT 0 FAVS
 some posting music for all of ya
these flawless squats on the roof of my van go out to the bastard who accused me of "going apeshit" a t wild birds unlimited in marietta, ga
i cannot comprehend half of the things i read online but i'm smart enough to know that it is all really good
who spit on my rats. ill find him
DUMBASS: SHut the fuck up THE WISE MAN: No you shut the fuck up
reading my revolting tweets to a focus group for several hours and escaping on a sled pulled by rats when it is time to pay each of them $25
movies that portray Dragons in a positive light are marked with a gold marble, while movies racist against Dragons are given a frowning Ass.
please bring your rats to the new castle flea market so I may bless/heal them. ill be sitting in a lawn chair wearing a stolen priest outfit
there is no such thing as a baby animal. they are all adults from birth. sorry if my opinion offends you
me &amp; the booys are riffing on 78 hours of stolen walgreens security cam footage. this guy on here just bought a toilet brush. bitch!! bitch!
im thinking my posts arent on The NY Times Best Seller list because they have been very difficult to access lately due to Inclement weather
shut the fuck yp 
i wish i had my baby teeth back. those were the good 90s teeth
just give me one hour and no swear filter and i can literally completely destroy anyone psychologically with aim instant messenge
congress: youre so good at saying the truthful things in a handsome way. we need you me: Wheres bigfoot. Assholes
yorure telling me i can wrench even more precious, ego-soothing pity from my online associates if i move to a 3rd world nation?? "ROAD TRIp"
RATIONALIZE YOUR FILTH ONLINE, SCROUNGE THE WEB FOR EMOTION, LOG OFF ANGRY AND GO TO BED SAD
some of my more savvy followesr are telling me they are called "trauma shears" but i need a pair specially formulated for a large mans needs
am I the most dark &amp; twisted psycho god online?? hm lets see: - When the dow jones industrial average goes down i say simply the word "Good"
im being evicted from my home for saying that kfc should sell hamburgers on a public log, and being a general "Dumb Ass" when it comes to IQ
buying an assortment of soaps and ointments to make my ass hole less stupid
inventing the Vertical Sandwich, that you can eat hands free, like a ffucking dog
#truth #fact... it is proven that about 80% of people online are violent murderers. wow thats so many.  be safe my beloved followers
my cigar rival just posted another vid.... time to leave the kids with nana , switch it to hell mode and outsmoke this  BAStard
its shit head o' clock and everyones grabbing at my Nuts
world record 100 diaper combo run over by jeep
if trucks can wear nuts Then i should be allowed to nail yosemite sam mudflaps to my asscheeks
eunuchoid 49yr man puting self up for adoption, please. unemployable due to frequent nosebleed. loves movies &amp; Tech. thank u for reading it.
im gonna eat this whole sack of potatoes by my self #AntiLent
when i found out she used the same widely popular online social media aggregator as me, i just knew mny soul was destined to Neg her
"you can take that 666 on down the road" is actually etched into my family crest and i scream it everyday
i can only hope that when a kangaroo court of dipshits comes to haul me to prison that i have the grace and humility not to get mad at them
 heres some real political insight for u disgusting parasites to gobble up and slap on your bolgs
#ff @HellYeahTweets @simson @golfblog @HusbandShit @apekiller @JokesFun @xwife @PizzaHutMan @Unemployed_Male @ChristianHacker @babe2 @KFCkid
installing sneeze guards at old country buffet is tyranny and they make it far more difficult for me to vomit cigar grease all over the food
i am selling six beautfiul, extremely ill, white horses. they no longer recognize me as their father, and are the Burden of my life
(i descend from the heavens) I'm uh, netflix is good (i go back up to heaven)
Super Mario Guy RPG - The cast of Family Guy meets Super Mario RPG as Peter Griffin does a "Let's Play" of the classic 1996 Nintendo Game.
dont really care if my gaming chamber has black Mold all over it.. ill just curpstomp pubbies with my shirt pulled up over my nmose
"Can Determine The Gender Of Any Animal Simply By Touching Its Dick"
pleased to announce, on the april of 9th, that i have signed a Truce with DigimonOtis, ending a feud that has persisted over several years .
i now hereby declare that all of the guys who reply to my posts are now married to the girls who reply to my posts, and thats that
you think im wasting my time putzing around in the drafts folder?  bull shit. 100% off the cuff 
the worst thing you can do in death is make the R.I.P. on your grave actually stand for Racism Is Power
drunk driving may kill a lot of people, but it also helps a lot of people get to work on time, so, it;s impossible to say if its bad or not,
putting my fist through the wall and yanking out a chunk of insulation and making a "what the fuck is thiis" gesture before throwing it
wheres the fucking list of all the tanning salons that are open during th e hurricane #PostTheFuckingList
how dare you fuck with me.  how dare you fuck with me , on the year of Luigi
when you post a picture of your hamburger in the group chat, your friends are likely taking that lunch data and selling it to Villains
a dozen eggs huh.. what are you gonna do with 12 shitty pregnant rocks. haha just imagine some asshole buying this like, "oh these are good"
u go through life thinking the man wears the diaper.  but at what point does the diaper wear the man.  #diapermaster
have every thing 
Thinking About Saying The Rent Is Too Damn Hi
just heard it on the news that theyre gonna start using Crisper to breed dogs that look 100% like beautiful human women
i will not hear any more talk of mars needing moms
the jerk off who told my autistic son that sega of america exploded needs to come forward so i can crush his neck betwext my Perfect thighs
ive decided  A. every white colored food is vanilla flavored.  especially popcorn. especially mayo B. this opinion will be shown on The News
i have decided to become an Oil magnate, after spending quite some time reading the dictionary definition of the word "magnate"
despite everything, i am still looking forward to the release of the sequel, "jungle 3 jungle," which was delayed to 2038 because of trolls.
*kicks back and watches an algorithm remove all the circumcised people from my web ring* Huauha your fucked up dicks can't save you now
generating millions of 3d womens pussys for the #VaginasProject . my GFX card spewing steam like a damn tea pot
 Fight For Your Brand
getting a 4k monitor so i can make posts
i think that wearing a jumpsuit emblazoned with the official logo of my twitter account while i indie develop would make my posts good again
(being trampled to death by panicking crowd) hah. look at these dumb fucks. they think im part of a floor. they dont even realize im a human
"I love him.  Thank you" - fucking idiot senator Chuck Grassley (IA-R) on the death of the honorable Mr. Ayatollah
researching dynamic, groundbreaking new ways to wipe my ass
been thinking about it a lot, and i do not believe that anyone will ever come up with a brand name better than "Taster's Choice"
hosanna !! hosanna !!  netbooks for dog lovers
  no
weverything i say is blocked out by falcons screaming until i die of a coughing fit #worstpickuplines
writing fan mail to the police, suggesting some new laws that i think would be good
im a millionair and im going to pay blizzardgames $9.9bil on the stipulation that they put pornos in diabo 3
advising everyone on this dumb ass website not to block me to ensure that my sub par written word can reach your grubby shit smeared devices
another fucked up thing. why tdont people in tv &amp; film ever actually shit when they sit on the toilet. why arent we allowed to see the piss.
#ThingsThatKeepMeAwakeAtNight 62% of teens report achieving a "sexual thrill" by committing acts of violence, up from 38% in 1992 #Rasmussen
welcome to a world where you can have sex with peoples wifes.  this iws wife sex world
people who use "APPS" think they are such pimps ... but theyer nothing but hoochie mammas
heres my 2010 message for ya: "good year - good freands - and good luck thank you" thank you
me, begging and pleading with a turtle, telling it to spit out my dick , causing a scene at a miniature golf course and getting 911 called
i forgot to take off my joke shock ring before jerking off and the joke is on me because i flipped out and shot loads all over my curtains
ah, online is amazing. there is so much to do here. *GETS OBLITERATED BY INSULT`S AND SICK IMAGES* i've changed my mind. online is childish
No results found for "fuck superpretzel".  No results found for "superpretzel is bullshit".  No results found for "boycott superpretzel".
what my organization does is take fatsuits from obnoxious PG-13 comedies and donate them to the needy
while youre all bowing to the Pig Industrial Complex on false holiday #NationalPigDay,. i will be observing pictures of the noble bull moose
HACKED BY ÝSKORPÝTX  TURKISH HACKER   THE ISLAM IS SUPERIOR - YOU WILL DRAW YOUR PUNISHMENT  George W. Bush (1946 - ... )...2007  FUCKED USA
rip Yankees owner George Steinbrenner, my favorite sienfeld character
me and DigimonOtis suppot the government of Egypt, and detest the ape like protesters and their Campaign Of Fear. #jan25
ive trademarked the term "The guy who fucks up" so if you see someone else using it pleaase stick my Fair Use brochures to their car
i have ptsd from the time i brorke a chair at pop eyes chicken with my ass, and i am unemployable because of this. #smalljoys
authorities forced to destroy entire 35,000-ton chernobyl sarcophagus after misunderstood online entrepreneur gets his dick stuck beneath it
many've sought the ultimate Combo and have asked me what the ultimate combo is. i am too amused simply by their ignorance to even answer .
weeping because of my heroic burden... spending my last dollae at dairy queen to support girl businesses... chowing down between the tears..
if you say the words "Room temperature" to me ill flip my lid. room temp varies depending on the room. youre talking shit out of your mouth.
someone said "rage comics" out loud and fistpumped in one of my classe.s.  thats a real thing that a human being did
with all of the running around we do during the holidays... its a wonder we don't LOOSE weight instead of gaining it... #TheThursdayNiteRant
my agent sent me a list of my followers &amp; circled all crude avatars in red ink. if i dont block these people it WILL cost me the Arby's deal
im talkin about Boy Shit, stuff that lil peenypoppers like you wouldnt understand, no w go home before you done get hurd!!!!!!!
19:00 hours. im whereing a condom right now. temperature: 74°F. air pressure:1012hPa. just had a phenomenal potato salad. Wind Direction: NE
if anyone knows what to do if you accidentally swallow an entire cigar while running on the treadmill please contact StogieLad@Yahoo.com
"Give me an App that will make me say, 'Wow'"  "Apps will help us in our lives" "An App is always just a download away" some good app quotes
**kicks a plant over because of something a celeb did* fucking ass hole *vomits into the refrigerator because the new iphone is bad* shit
Police of reddit, what is the funniest thing someone you are arresting has said? (self.askreddit)
the ass cynic has posted a brutal 1 hour 40 minute takedown of my ass on youtube. im warning you not to click on it or you will get a virus.
hard at work in the Study, pen in hand, orchestrating my next public melt down
a booklet labeled "Mra Shit" falls out of my pocket during my daily buffallo wild wings j/o, sealing my fate and costing me the Yoplait deal
i think if we lower the legal army age to maybe llike, 12, we will see a sharp decrease in recreational nudity
i am the "Walter Cronkite" of game stop. yes i absolutely said it, and no im not deleting it this time.
i hold this truth , im just an average joe trying to do my messages here, and i dont have time for fellas who want to take a big crap on me.
id say my most defining quality is that i instinctively write tremendous amounts of think pieces whenever i see a naked person
want to see big legs.  want to see big legs
a man in a leather jacket emblazoned with "BabeSmoocher" single handeldly ruined my high school experience and is the reason im unemployed
 baby mario is not mario's son in 2014
buck bumble caressed his dead gfs hair. "you will pay for thi s, Bastards." he grabbed two uzis and charged the gym, "Suprise mother fuckers
if you odn't subscribe to every last one of my vague, yet cocksure beliefs regarding the Portuguese , i will never make eye contact with you
you know how peoples dicks evaporate when exposed to sunlight??  how do i get mine to not do that
 please review and critique.
this site is fucked 
looking forward to my 19,000 dollars 
used the last remaining amount of my spirit force to transform mny daughter into a mana blade so that she will never cry again #AFathersPain
the soldier yanks a perfect pair of blue jeans out from a pile of ashes while surveying a burned out truck. may god damn these perfect jeans
my being a shit head can be traced back to boys school, when i was expelled for using the headmaster's computer to search ebay for " LUNCH "
vision's... 
look out for the car with the words "INCEST DEATH" painted on the hood thats always going like 20-30 mph under the speed limit, that ones me
hit by a train while wearing a trenchcoat bloated with family guy jewelry and nobody even helped me pick any of it up because god is twisted
if you try to say something fucked up to me i will break your arms and  call the cops on you
i think my goal in life is to start a football team named "The Baseball Preferrers" and our gimmick is to get as many penalties as possible
the Law Man surveys the room, and is able to locate me hiding behind a potted plant thanks to my trail of miserable , fucked up turds
barricaded in a lawless southern town for calling the one where pikachu choked on an entire apple a "filler episode"
"i will never respond to a dm unless its a girl sending it. i will keep my feed tidy. i will betray anyone my followers want me to betray"
i like it. thank you 
"hey bob, why does your stapler have a live goldfish inside of it??" Oh this? this is a Stapler Mod only The New Rich have access to.Get out
slapping all my repliers across the face in one swoop like moe howard. all of them dropping dead instantly
the prophecy fulfilled   
i can promise only this; i will lick the boots of my enemies until they beg for mercy , crying
pleased to report that an angel has lifted the curse against me after doing my "Good Deed" of the year, by tipping a waiter 15%
im not saying the release of my FF6 Nude Mod incrased obamas approval rating, but there's certainly a correlation that's difficult to ignore
people who think dolphins are real = shit
if youre reading this NascarDustin, you are requested to appear in court for the crime of firing 600 chi needles into my innocent ass cheeks
.,. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; THATS MY DICL #Oscars2015
nice no true scotsman fallacy. hm, typical tu quoque fallacy. ah, the classic "grab me by the ears &amp; crack my face with your knee" fallacy,
friendly reminder to all of my followers not to commit any Crimes in 2018. crimes are 2017 shit "Miss Me With That"
sick of hearing about the head honcho. what aobut the legs honcho. or the ass honcho. that's my opinion on honcho. thank you for reading it
i can confirm that the candid photos on Darknet of me eating a breakfast wrap are real. and i will issue an apology for the trouble i caused
yeah im basically all abOut mpreg right now. yeah im off to get my huge pregnant gut enchanted by a warlock so my future son will respect me
james bonds jet black diapers that cost $200 each. suit jacket that has Jame bonds signature drawn on the pocket. james bond engagement ring
#BringBackDrewCareyShow Bring Back Drew Carey Show
It would be so nice to have followers who dont fucking hate my ass .  Guess ill go choke on dirt!!!  Fuck me!!
sending people who tell me not to eat romaine lettuce a link to the wikipedia article for The Streisand Effect
first day i got online on a man named Mumbai_Eddie accused me of having diarrhea, so i detached my modem and put it in the sink for 8 years
i scan the docs &amp; id the perp. "The Radio Shack Masturbator". bounty on his head. i put 100 bullets into my pistol and hit the god damn road
meter reader in my basement: nice controllers man.. You game on those bad boys? me (Blushing): i am-- yes, I do consider my self a gamer.
falling down a stair case completely unscathed after executing a perfect series of Block techniques
cyber link this post if youre a good person who remembers the things that are good and are not a bad person who likes things that arent good
 please. ask me anythig
arbys refuses to honor special bulletin offering a free "Roastbeef Snack" to all divorced men... lots of upset divorced men at this arbys,..
#The12DaysOfContent making these is as torturous as every concentration camp combined, including hell, which god made 
if you have ever disagreed with anyone about anything youre a sociopathic piece of shit
just hating my lead coated dx racer knock off gamer cushion from bangladesh. absorbing &amp; releasing countless toxins via my Ass. 16 hrs a day
If i catch U retweeting mainstream shit, like updates from The Weather Channel or pictures of food, youre finished. Go clean yourself up kid
when one of the boys tells me he has to use the bathroom i inevitably respond with some stupid shit like "Alright, Sounds Good"
requesting preorder status on "Def Comedy Jam Tennis" - PS4 - Release Date: 7/8/15 (JPN) , TBA (USA)
no-reply@youtube .com: We've changed our terms of service, me: my terms of service is simply this"Shut the Fuck up"
abusing my vile neighbors by putting leaflets around which state that i am now to be referred to as "Daddy's Golden Goose"
just to clarify: "the studio" is a room I rent for $800 a month. i use it to compose all of the posts i type here.
I am going to try to have diarrhea today. Because I am not "DEFINED" by my ass
spaghetti and meatballs... now theres a #ClassicCombo
did you know that the bible doesn't actually contain any references to hell? or heaven? or christ?? it just a bunch of names &amp; phone numbers
once again i will take the path of honor, i will pledge NOT to watch the steve harvey fleshlight vid, no matter how good everyone says it is
the US army sent my police departmet 100000 hideous robot arms to rip off citizens' heads but heres the thing, we only need like 500 of them
the us government has its top men working day and night to invent a paper towel that is large enough to wrap me up and dispose of me
sort of bullshit that im not allowed to be the wendy's mascot just because im repugnant to most people &amp; woudl negatively impact their sales
Fuck Otis. I will never follow a bastard such as this.
thinking back to 9/11.. i wish i had flipped out more.  Wondering how different things wou;d be if i had gone more ape shit
i habve been banned from over 200 dating services for being upfront and honest about my rotten, barbed dick
the big seat of my sweat pants sagging beneath the weight of globs of neosporin as i waddlle my fuckface ass off to the impound lot
muting people who like to talk aobut "The news" instead of posting vignettes about being forced to pour mouthwash down their ass crack
worst food of 2016 : Bread Where to begin. Bread is a piece of shit and its no wonder its commonly associated with the worst drink, "Water".
im ready to show all of you my trick. watch *spreads arms and screams at the mountainside until an avalanche of boulders engulf me entirely*
caught sneaking a runestone into the cineplex. the runes they sell at the concession stand are all marked up to shit. thats how htey get ya
this would be Twitter, a Web site for fu&amp;%in' adults.  Yeah
kkkjoiner asserts that theres a secret mcdonalds buried under the school and it sells guns too. thats uh, made up. thats a big crack of shit
if my Marmaduke internship doesn't pan out i will have nothing.  Nothing
do they make those cones that dogs wear after surgery for people? ??  i need to stop spitting on my dick
see?? it's happenig again. people are blocking me because i'm posting my opinion. @Doritios is sending me crude messages again. fuck twitter
This is a guy who I imagine likes to jerk the old pole at night&amp; masturbate. This is a guy who uses tired swear words like "Fuck" and "Damn"
`` i will show you the Ass of God ``
stinkers or classics. whats good to post
darknet 2002: pics of dead guys in bath tubs, warez darknet 2017: discussions amongst the boys as to which of our acquaintances aren t funny
(shoots all whistleblowers with the doom 2 bfg gun) thats what u get for disrespecting your jobs &amp; bosses amd making a mockery of Employment
to clarify, i still think that "Porky Pig" should get the electric chair, but not enough to kill him, just enough to Scare him a little bit
"oh youre sad because a judge died? thats so adorable" i say as i effortlessly list off 100 dead judges from simply my memory
told the mail man that if he doesnt keep the deals / coupons coming at a reasonable pace some one might be suffering from some injuries soon
ME: Are these Vine Ripe WAITER: Yes ME: Is this Farm Fresh WAITER: Yes ME: Are these "MAde To Order" WAITER: No ME: I will notify the police
i nneed constant 24/7 stream of memes and jokes about coffee being good to prove to myself im not living in rthe Fucking matrix
kfc commercial idea: a man is trying to get into kfc but he is too small to reach the door handle. he tries and tries and nobody helps him
sending slowmo footage of my balls undearneath the bathtub faucet being pulverized by the water pressure to ameicas funniest home videos
im not fucking finished deconstructing the god damn diaper concept, and im not fucking finished flooding your worthless feed with shit mouth
tthe super computer lit up and told me my posts were good in a fucked up robot voice, validating me forever online
DICK DOCTOR: have you been using protection ME: yes. i put an entire towel in my ass
New Wet Ass
just read something fucked up... Not a single picture of stonehenge exists.
(i shoot you with massive plasma cannon that sounds like a jet endgine when i shoot it and turns you into blood instantly)suprise fuck face!
mmorpg based on 90s grunge life
activating $40 of "Cash Back" Chase Freedom rewards while the Low Engagement Accounts who troll me on here just shit around on their dicks
blooper: it is implied that james bond 007 engages in sexual contact. this would never happen in real life because sex is revolting and rude
i love "Going hollywood" by retweeting burger king and lock heed martin 1000 times
i'm sorry but can you please remove the pig display at the zoo.  nobody comes to the zoo to see pigs. what the fuck is wrong with you.
im good old southern boy and we dont cotton to  bollocks .
all gags and assorted banter aside though I will in fact be shooting the thanksgiving turkey with a gun instead of eating it this year .
its time to destigmatize the Balls... and restigmatize the Ass
" I DO, IN FACT, REFER TO MY TWEETS AS 'CONTENT', AND BY CHRIST MY LORD THERE ARE RECORDINGS OF ME DOING SO " - TOP BRAND ENGINEER "AT DRIL"
i singlehandedly brought the OJ Simpson brand back from the brink of calamity and by God I will protect Yahoo. com from these online devils
bow to your new denim god
ever since i ve been told to put a shirt on in all my live insect unboxing vids my metrics have taken a piping hot Shit
i fully intend to topple the DigimonOtis empire via a coordinated campaign of viral folk songs bolstered by my partnership w/ Bob Evans Inc.
sees another grown man eating cheerios off his table at the restaurant, gives him the restaurant cheerio nod
No real-time results for "teh economy"
lets mix the jail and the zoo togehter and have whistles going off constantly so nothing can sleep and spray piss and glue around as a bonus
money is such a corrupt bastards tool that all i can do about thinking about it is to simply laugh about it...
ARMY: your nickname reflects poorly on us all. we're changing it to something like "raven" or "switchknife" ME: no. "hostage killer" is good
which programming language should I learn if I want to transform myself into an enormous 3d wireframe head that spits out flashing cubes
Time to do several fucking perfect wolf howls at the nascar men
my meme dissertation should be "put into the toilet"??  perhaps the only thing that should be put into the toilet are your harsh criticisms.
Im thinking 2k20 is the year of "Shut the fuck up" .  All repliers blocked.  Absolute God mode
just for fun: if you search camp town races you get a video of like 40 guys in black face with youtube comments like "Love the energy! Wow"
And I am being told now, that because Incest is now Official White House policy, that this post could be construed as a "Politics tweet"
indoor plumbing is a ludicrous fantasy
stealing valor by purchasing fraudulent military gear from etsy,. parading my insane loadouts in front of our vets as they hurl abuse at me,
folks keep asking, me, what are Q-TIps for. if theyre not for ears. well the answer is simple. theyre for wiping certain areas of your dick,
"the ass show me that i can only fuck it." - a legendary fireman who died
venus sucks shit. if they find life there it's going to be a very small man curled into the fetal position yelling "FUCK THIS"
scores of Farm Fresh, artisan treats available for my perusal.. Oh Me Oh My 
question my alligence to the dod damn twitter website and get swiftly block buttoned to childish hell, nincompoopts
THe Eagles is a team of football who i respect &amp; admire. Their commitment to touchdowns is good. They are athletic when it comes to sports
1) My finger nails are clean  2) Sorry that i fucking use my hands to work for a living &amp; dont care about finger nails 3) Peastebin incoming
if hollywood has any dignity left they will surrender all golden gobes to the united states marine corps and blow a bunch of kisses at them
GOD: Im getting quite aged in my late years; and I need someone else to be president of heaven Donald R. Trump: My lord... RBG: (Applauding)
if they decide to replace the failing US dollar with killer quotes and refs from pg13 comedies then me and a lot of cool people will be rich
THE BOYS: Come! Come quickly! Theres a Seal balancing a ball on its nose, at the Gazebo ME: Cant. Wife is making me buy 36 Forever Stamps
some people say, normal peoples brains work in 2-D, while famous authors  brains work in 3-D...
GEN X'ER: Help im shitting on my pants ME: They have this invention called "toilet" now. Maybe if you hang up the cell phone yould know this
the only hthing i hate more than crashing my ford truck is justin biebers dick. which was recently shown to me in pictures
and now to tackle celebrity tom cruise's claims that I look like "an eggplant with progeria". **crracks knluckles* that's uh, a fallacy
gathering data of Nude Locals
Beat the shit out of the football.  Beat the shit out of the football.  Beat the shit out of the football. 11 43 22 36 hothothothot
suigh... this weeks Bone Head award goes, once again, to my ex-wife, who just bought a stupid ass looking refrigerator
if you dont down load the latest versions of all your programs youre fucking stupid
This woman is an FBI agent sent to jingle her keys through the library to intimidate me about jail.
CLICK ON MY POST 10000 TIMES IF YOU ARE WORKED UP OVER COMPUTERS
It didnt work. Leave it
my "F*&amp;k It!! Let's Go Golfin" t-shirt maintains a tenacious stranglehold on my life. after 1,125 days of Golf my body is twisted, deformed
blocking me is an expression of Love. the line between "Follower" and "Guy who has me blocked" blurs more with each death threat i receive
some hipster or something is probably mad right now bc they give golden globes to good ass films instead of the fuckin mona lisa or whatever
thinking about shit that i Recognize and smiling
(ddumb ass, squinting at the tv, struggling to comprehend "The Flintstones") why are they wearing those outfits
i had my jeans bronzed as an infant.  and they still fit mother fucker
full time Cash Back award activator
"This Whole Thing Smacks Of Gender," i holler as i overturn my uncle's barbeque grill and turn the 4th of July into the 4th of Shit
As Per Tradition, Governor Romney Must Now Kiss The Presidential Legs, In A Show Of Perfect Humility. POTUS Disrespects The Gov By Declining
infinite amount of alternate universes where i shit my pants during my wedding which will only go away if i break stephen hawking's computer
The Credits Roll At Justin Bieber 3D And My Body Chooses To Fuse 3D Shades To My Brain Forever; No Turning Back & Life Is Good, Thank Ya
lets focus on piss farms.  lets focus on piss farms.  lets focus on piss farms.  for the economy.  we gotta focus on these piss farms
Unfunny. 
getting my pud Encrypted , like peter thiel
harassing a man at a urinal, claiming i copyrighted piss
Mr Truth Through Pain
lunch paraphernalia spilling out of the footwell of my car as i pull up to my old high school to steal footballs
remember not to die on halloween so you dont turn into w pumpkin
reading my twitter feed, screaming "SIT ON IT, BUB!" everytime some1 makes a rude #iSad post, my face growing more contorted as i get louder
dogs used to say "Arf" and "Bow-Wow" .  Now they say shit like "Wouwouwouwou"
ill show you real truth. ill show you what happens when you crap on a real son of a bitch
petition to rename the statue of liberty "Bisexual Tattoo Goddess" because istand for something real and i live in a part of this world.
"hello 911 I need a moat dug around my house immediately" "sir this line is for emergencies only" "Thuis is an emergency moat"
keurig is building a Mausque inside of a Dave and Busters, and Heres why it matters:
you come on line and challenge me with a user name like "Lesbian Mr. Clean" , i will not respect you, regardless of your skill lefvel
big bird was obviously just a man in a suit. but the other ones were too small to contain men. so what the fuck
plrease go to the salad bar and get me a plate full of bake and bits
desperately trying to start a conversation at dragoncon by flaunting a timepiece
-tweeting about stuff thats off-topic is "Random". never do this. -tweeting about current event stuff is "Topical". and this is also a crime
dont follow me. dont rewteet me. dont fav me.  dont look at my page.  dont help me.  dont click on my pets.  dont touch me.  dont blog me.
Whua?? No sponsorship disclaimer? no my friends. im saying all of these things for free, because i need to
"rat rod shit shack"
pleas tune into my next podcast where i ask what the FUCK angry birds is and viciously mock the first piece of shit caller to answer me
number 4.  the last one. i will hold this, The Content Creator's Pledge, close to my soul, on this sickening day of nine eleven. God bless
"Soda is back" Only at Mcdonald
whats the fucking point of even achieving muslim knighthood if i cant wear the ceremonial headdress to Jail #BULLSHIT #CRAMITBUSTER #HELPME
for every inch my penis shrinks due to anxiety, the trolls owe me $100,000 , i am saying it now.
 every youtube account tells a story and i wou.ld like to share with you the tale of "GameKisser"
the other son wipes his ass too much. goes thrugh absurd amounts of tissue &amp; has effectively thrown any respect for my household to the Dogs
in the nice days, the paper boy would hand deliver the newspaper to its subscriber. now he throws it at my dick and murders me every time
i stopped watching all the tv shows my followers think are bad, unfollowed all the Goof accounts, and yet twitter still sends thugs after me
fully embracing the power of Social Media at the age of 56 and changing my name to Kim Jong Lexus
congressman introduces "Young Folks Should Call Grandpa More Often" bill, farts, dies, is replaced by his 70 year old son
im trans-siberian orcehstra for christsake
im IP banned from this site in the usa but my Dubai account is good to go
[download of "bagel covered in caesar dressing.jpg" complete] Ah, Fucking Good This Yes.  Absolutely Epic Fucking Particularly This. Sir
the shit i was postng on twitter in the 80s and 90s?? uh yeah, that was the real shit. nowadays its pandering hipster filth and Crude humour
captured by a medieval castle town in the year 1598, hung up on the cross and having long florescent light bulbs broken against my dick
me and several other eclectic masturbateurs have gathered on capital hill to protest Mr.Skin 's inadequate representation of " Indie " media
 The Free Encyclopedia
GAY TRANSHUMANIST ..... I KNOW U HAVE BEEN CHECKING MY POSTS OUT .... SHOW YOUR SELF
BUSTING THROUGHG THE WALL OF KFC WHILE RUNNING ON TOP OF A GIANT ROLLING BARREL LABELLED "BEAK WASTE" , OVER THE HORIZON, GONE FOREVER
i'm going to be the one who makes a "got milk" parody so good that everoyne forgives me for trying
seems to me. like, well, these days, people are more interested in Instagram , than telegrams, which are better because theyre the first one
(steps out onto the podium for the annual delivery of his Most Hated "State of the Arbys" address) the state of the Arby's... is strong...
*readign own timeline* holy fuckin shit this guy should be the new dick clark or something instead of posting these on the computer for free
getting my ass run over after trying to hijack a guy's riding mower and failing
i cannot die... not toda.y.. there's still so much SUperbly Awkward Shit to reblog
thinking about getting the dow jones back on track, simply by making a few phonecalls. but certain people have been a bitch to me, so i wont
there's a series of codewords that will shut this website down permanently if ever tweeted, and those words are "this is twitter sparta".
im bringing back Lunch... #TheComeBackOfLunch
I am not a baby . I am a Human
i see that digimon otis has become emboldened enough to begin posting again., likely due to the normalization of that sort of thing,
someone out there is making $1000 every time a person clicks on this 
the shaman rises 
An Unstoppable Legion Of Young Fortune 500 CyberHeteros
(contorting entire face into an abominable purple frown) cobb salad?? that sounds fuckin STUPID
dozens upon dozens of the racist new starbuck cups,. filled with urine and placed all over my computer desk like candles on a satanic altar
 Im Screaming At It All #savederpy
but worry not. i have changed my last name to "apefucker/" to dissuade all women from stealing it
Your search - diapertarian - did not match any documents. #maybenexttime
knocked a shit load of doritos off the shelf during my latest suicide attempt at wegmans and thtis 16 yr old little shit made me put em back
look at the calender. I'm not explaining this further
COWORKER: I Just took out a little baggie of DouDou, to eat at work, and Im getting a raise, for being handsome ME: I Admire your Opinions .
"my daughter is dying. Help" no. i wil never sellout "kfc's making a burrito out of pigeon turds. hit us up with that signal boost" hell yes
several men present to me a single diaper in a black suitcase. i take the diaper in my hand and examine it. "my god, this is next-gen"
will e3 have designated crying booths. im sick of crying in the bathroom where people shit.
gonna print out a bunch of pages from rival muscle blogs and scatter them across my driveway &amp; drive my noisy scooter around on top of them
kicking the shit out of a tree with a sledge hammer, to increase my Stamina
the way i see it, people who come on here and submit content that is not up to par, could possibly be considered the "Villains" of this site
shooting off automatic rifles making horrible diarrhea shit noises as the recoil makes my tiny dick flop around. hell yeah. thats cool to me
sorrry i wasnt listening i was busy predicting your laughable response to my post perfectly
just because i havent been seen in public for 7 years is no excuse not to wear a suit and tie before sitting down and eliminating trolls
im not wishning you freaks a happy new year. you will all fuck up my 2019, like you have with all the other years. youre dopes
you may now buy the pdf Version of the book for $8   i will shut the fuck up now. thank you 
i miss 100% of the shots i dont take mother fucker
i love haivng my face and head spit shined by army men while i am trying to play rpgs professionally and efficiently in my beanbag chair
tarzan is garbage. he sucks more than anything. people need to stop encouraging his shit by making films of him. go home tarzan. fuck tarzan
any good jokes lately? yeah, the mirror. i mean your mirror. i mean your mirror, while you are standing in front of it &amp; i'm not in the room
seeing more and more people post anti-lunch sentiments despite the fact that, well, they gotta eat .
(the presence of the sarcasm tag indicates that i do not actually want to suck god's dick. please dont derail this discussion with nonsanse)
feel as though the POST-COVID economy will mostly benefit me, the guy who makes tiny custom diapers for peoples beanie babies and funko pops
linking my Folders to other Folders or whatever the fuck it is people do on the computer
i challenge any man  who thinks that my 7 handsome border collies are too loud through-out the day to a round of Chess, the game of kings
"The Godfather: Part Iraq" (2004) In this 4th installment of the Godfather series, the godfathers head to iraq to settle the score, of 9/11.
i truly hate winning the infamous "Darwin Award" by getting bombarded with artillery fire in the Super K-Mart parking lot
i just spent the last hour removing lint and other foreign fibers from every miniscule wrinkle on my dick and i am now ready to enter Church
if the infamous "OCTO MOM" were to come out of the woodwork and start preaching to us of her thoughts of politics, i would just about SHIT..
 The Genesis Listener
sending my most powerful kisses to all pregnant women fire fighers
guy who bothered putting a suit on for his profile pic and only has like 300 followers. ha ha ha you dip shit!! youve wasted your life!!!!!!
#QuestionsIDontLike muslim
id like uh...medium, w/ pepperoni, sausage and onion. just to piss off the trolls. id like a 2-liter of coke to piss off the trolls as well,
prepare to meet thy Focker
don't know why people think it's fair to call me "The Piss Judge" just because I pissed all over the floor of my courtroom that one time
me: May the coffee be with you. Beer is the red 100 to me intelligent Bill Gates: You are a Fraud. Confess
the trolls hav been hiding "Easter Eggs" in my favorite DVD menus, to encourage exploration &amp; experimentation at the cost of my leisure time
itunes has more buttons &amp; clickers than a space rocket, its like you got to be an astronaut from nasa to use it and not a normal man as I am
let's all be my wife
accosted by several of my followers last night.. would nnot fuck off, awful, screeching voices..overpowering urine smell. Terrible. Terrible
#worstfeeling dying of dehydration caused by diarrhea in a third world nation ravaged by warfare with no doctors #bestfeeling halo 4 odst
"thw word 'good'... when you hear it, you're almost guaranteed something nice" - TheTrendingBoy
REVIEW- EROTIC SILHOUETTE MUD FLAPS - 1 STAR: piece of shit. drags behind my Honda Accord and gets messed up. too long. not wortg the hassle
im strong enough that i could pull one o f my teeth out right now but i dont want to
by "JACKING OFF" 
somebody please Bribe me
it is said that if "BILL GATES" dropped a $100 Bill, it would be a waste of his time to have everoyone within the perimeter terminated
grown man's ass surgically transplanted onto his son. final wish of a dying father
hm?  whats that?  my dick looks like bozo the clown's dick?  listen punk. i know for a fact you have never seen bozo the clown's dick
2020: america elects the first Shirtless president
Blocking my wife's account, at the advice of my therapist, "TekkenChauncey"
Looking to the day when the World Wide Web matures to become into the World Wise Web.
president reportedly found Spoofed on the bathroom floor, it is said that he had been repeatedly Lampooned during an hour long struggle,
stand your ground laws for jeans instead of guns.  stand your jeans laws
Super Boll Picks???  thoguht youd never ask.  gonna go with "The Burton Bigbirds" and "Horse"
and folks.. we cant forget aobut Tennis Shoes (Audience boos.) Are you Tennis, or are you shoes? Who'd'y'a'think'ya're ? (Applause)
im pretty sure the neightbors can hear my keyboard clicking at 4am and thats why they throw chemicals at me
MUSCULAR SHITHOUND #illegalDogBreeds
i have in my hand a list of hollywood bigwigs who have eaten human flesh, and i will reveal one name each day until im provided with respect
((speaking too close to the microphone at press conference)I have never watched a single episode of the Teletubbies. They look like fools
hgeuhkl i am a 300-pound producer /  jurnalist my hobbies include car & beard maintenance also i know photoshop and my name is Miami
would like to get one post out today without my son taking me to task in the replies ffor letting my ex wife take the car
group of young woman: were going to take some "Selfie" portraits. care to join us? me [doing the face palm face now]: ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!!!!!!
BUY NOW  "AUTHENTIC BIG TEX ASHES" Own a piece of history.  Actual Big Tex ashes #BigTex #IllNeverForget
man in moving car slaps me in the face with big hand full of dog shit ,flipping me the fuck backwards,landing with full weight upon my neck,
hate it when i slip up while changing a roll of toilet paper and the spring loaded holder fires the cardboard tube straight up my ass hole
i have squandered the last of my fathers good will by christening our new boat with the name of "S.S. Mind Of Mencia"
attn: fucked up t-shirts incorporated-- get me a tweety bird with devil horns saying "I refuse to pay for a car wash"
"Is Wario A Libertarian" - the greatest thread in the history of forums, locked by a moderator after 12,239 pages of heated debate,
"Stick It" to the bastards of Washington using this hot new WendysTrick: Bigtime WendyScam for Nonviable Bun Bargain; Pitiful &amp; Effective
BREAKING: Man builds awesome face out of legos and is given key to governors mansion; while Shit Head Me eats moths in an abandoned hospital
[(launches sack;s of burning medical waste into the side of someones house for having a bird feeder on their porch)] Fucking Bird Helper
imagining my followers enjoying a beer named "Gangnam style: The beer" and cancelling all my posts for the evening due to being pissed off
You Look Like The Fuckin Kfc Man  #tastefulinsults
the IRS plane man died so that people like doug would stop taking $ from the average joe citisen.
please respect the sanctity of UFO chat
NEWSDESK: POTUS oversized diaper is NOT "funny," or "Epic", and neither is the tiny stream of poop dribbling out of his beleaguered ass hole
first off, trees are bullshit
the thursday nite rant isn't going anywhere. the saturday morning ramble is designed to work in tandem with it to cover broader demographics
just thoguht of a tiny man standing inside of a toilet. waving a turd in with batons like the airport guys. shopping the idea to buzz feed
everybody wants to be the guy to write the tweet that solves racism once and for all because it would look good as hell on a resume
ktxl fox affiliate just showed a pregnant woman on th simpsons #pregwatch
commercial idea for Michelob Ultra—a bumbling imbecile ransacks his apartment to find the guy who took a dump in his glass of michelob ultra
when will the supreme court weigh in on people who jack off to feet
(in really quiet, barely audible voice) hope your dick falls of bitch
might passive aggressively post "Oh! The website is Bad today" if i dont get some damn likes over here. just constantly treated like a leper
you know the ancient sumerians regarded men with wide-ass necks and tiny-ass heads as divine beauties and gave them gifts of gold and barley
do I have.,.  a twitter account???  oh yeah, im a real tweet mouth
ive enlisted the aid of Simon &amp; Schuster to publish my thoughts of Jussie Smollett in an early 2021 release entitled "Thoughts of Jussie" .
"tomorrow the sun will turn into shit and rain toxic death upon every human" -george carlin cobain nietzsche LXIX
 I Have Found My Calling.  Good Bye
-the drew carey show forums harbor a subforum named "Hell" -users are sent there when they absolutely fuck up while talking about drew carey
this. this fauil. fail this 
 im going to rile your fucking dog up with a tambourine, egghead
 my fave`s
how many gross rags can i shove into htis decommissioned nintendo game boy before i carry it around town for hours like a lost fucking idiot
its not normal to get on here and post fake joke shit when the rockefellers, the carnegies , theyre all reading it. theyre scrutinizing it
might become a " Pube guy " , as I am not only interested in making my dick look smaller, but also dirtier
ive decided that nudity is acceptable if irt's done for artistic reasons, like, promoting a mattress store,
god intended for the creatures of his likeness to wear good tuxedos all the time and to paint their cars to look like it's wearing a car tux
mario is back 
MAINSTREAM: Barney the dinosaur is some good shit. I like it. It's really good. ME: Barney the dinosaur is bunk. This is a show for children
un follow if you do not consider this true power 
i woudl advise against "going commando", or wearing pants without underwear. the last time i did this i got a deep turd infection and died
i call evbery four-legged animal I see a dog and I am correct more often than not so I will never stop
i would like to apologize for letting the team down by eating an entire snowman over the weekend and getting sick. my head wasnt in the game
i deeply apologize for giving like thirty of my followers panic attacks after posting "Whats for lunch " at 1am EST .
the infamous millennials are more interested in (consults notepad) being nickeled and dimed by the tax man than (squints) distilling vinegar
thats right bitch. i single handedly rescued the constitution of the united states...AND I DID IT WITH OUT USING POLITICS !!
i've just been notified by the oracle that late night personality jay leno is currently in Denim Mode.
i;ll never be a real pig *sobs uncontrollably *
underwhelm by social media..posted 6 pics of my clean mouth, fresh from dentist,but ppl are more interested in yapping at their shit friends
tuesday morning is " Low Engagement " , which means if you absolutely must have a melt down over Followbacks now's the time to do it
a nice tip for halloween: fill up a jar with piss and say that it is a jar of frankenstein piss. display it on the porch with a strobe light
yeauh, let me just follow the fucking "YouTube" account, on twitter. thats fucking normal
i was going to do it but I got scared
i, turdghoul fuckass, swear to uphold the constitution of the united states of america, so help me Piss. ok sorry, now let me do it for real
I GRIN AS I CAREFULLY TYPE INTO THE MAINFRAME "A NINE AND AN ELEVEN WALK INTO A BAR...." SUDDENLY FBI AGENTS BUST IN AND START FUCKIN MY ASS
i touch a glowing qur'an and turn into 100 lions #suitswag
The Bible Is Fake.  oh. what's that?  you're holding a physical copy of the bible, you say?  hm, looks legit.  The Bible Is Real, Then
Oh looks like people are "Too busy" to drop me a Like on some of my replies now. Guess I'll go lay in the road and get hit by CARS !!!
(dming the girls) this swebsite is the future. were pioneering... minds (dming the boys) this website is sellout. this website is family guy
THE MASTER:  LETS SEE U DO SOME SICK PARKOUR  OFF OF... THIS!! *REVEALS ENORMOUS BANANA PEEL*
"Every Women" by SegaBoris Every women is a rich tapestery ,  Woven by the lord to be Nice, Never Racist, and always Have a interesting life
im pleased to report that this is a Jeans account.
film your wives you god damn morons. im paying top dollar for wife footage
i have just gotten word that the 3d dog in Untitled 3D Dog Project (2021) can speak english, like a man
"Hrm, this Content less Hit than Miss lately. Unfollowed." - guy who follows 1200 people who post about their ear infections all day
i am working to resolve the thursday nite rant issue. please do not contact me
sorry, for a second there i thaught the real hank hill retweeted me.
for most of i can remember, people have been talking SHIT
i hear in some cultures they crap in their hand first before putting it in the toilet. thats fucked up to me. just shit it directly in there
video footage of obama taxing an innocent dog.  shameful #kanyewest
Jack Ass: Arguably, in many ways, a "Two-fer" could conceivably be worse than a "One-fer" ME: I'd will not even dignify that with a response
be your own slave. be your own Unemployed. boss of ceo. boss at disabled
you wanna come to my church &amp; post about me sucking tiny ladybug dicks on the bulletin board? mm nope. that ain't me pal. That ain't my life
the least political book in the english languge is-- you guessed it-- the dictionary.
Traitors 
originally wanted to keep silent about the "elmer fudd's dick" issue, but BMXWalter's objectionable dickless fudd theory has forced my hand,
taking hthe Touch Your Own Eye Balls challenge, at the zoo, despite recent developments
im afraid you do not grasp the enormity of who it is you are dealing with. (removes diaper,. revealing two sub-diapers ) Shall we continue..
i have absolutely zero interest in friendship, i have absolutely zero interest in jokes, i am simply here to collect data and earn respect
for every year that He is not featured in Forbes Magazine as the worlds richest man... GOD will sink one of our battle ships
i don't believe in making beer in huge metal vats. they should make it in cups,  for me to drink it out of, when I want to,
to my mates online: im raising $1900 so i can drink a ton of olive oil to see if it turns to shit when i shit it out or just stays olive oil
ok. ive been lied to
tipping over a news van on top of a pile of shattered childhoods in honor of Dying Idiot joe "Joe Pa" paterno #JoePa #Hell
ap,. 
imagine the sheer power of a man shattering a boulder with a whip. incredible
slobber, by definition, can only come from a mouth. anyone claiming to slobber out of their ass is a liar and possibly a scammer
now, bear wtih me here, what if, hypothetically, a teen reacted to "Yolo" **a massive sack of $$$ materializes in front of me for no reason*
realm of Lamar 
do not contact this account until you have truly felt the pain of a big male.
james bond, your next assignment is to infiltrate the white house and take the Tax's back from obama. please, get the Tax's  -
im the dumb mother fucker who uses a dessert fork to cut up my spaghetti
thinking about hopping on some sites tomorrow. havent made a decision yet but i will let you all know. sound off in hte comments below.
you all can send me breast milk now.  thank you
spit takes are funny but if you do them in real life people will call you ass hole
Nudity is perverse.  Nudity is an act of war
" BLOOD CURSE " to all the terrible motorists who threw debris into my bathtub as i carried it along the highway and made it really heavy
really fucked up that you have to start every letter with "Dear" like youre trying to get the dept of weights and measures or whoever horny
no you see, if you look closely at this drawing he put a face on the sun.  clearly this child is autistic
diaper pumped full of saline—looking more mentally ill than tom cruise and jason bourne combined—semen wiped all over bottom half of shirt
"Destroy the content producers, destroy the content. This is , Bastard's Dilemma." - christwolf22, from his e-book "A World Without Content"
nasty trap spray
michael CRAPSon
#ChrisBrownPickupLines "Go ahead, Cunt.  Cry for your so-called 'God'.  The very same God that gave me the power and the will to crush you."
ME: id like to take this day to wish a happy mother's day... to my Father. SOCIETY: Huh ?!?!
for the second time in november iit is now international mens day. Wow
saying "augh" out loud every single time I move the phone away from my lap and reveal to my self, my pud, which looks like a coiled turd
folks.. reply to this message with your Finest tweet, and i just might drop it a Like... my way of "Giving back" to the community... Thank u
Enjoying my life 
LIKE A SNAKE SHEDS ITS SKIN, I SHED ANOTHER HARD ROCK CAFE TSHIRT EVERY 7 MONTHS
my teething ring. my salt lick. my feeding tube. all at once
does Theire exist a single caveman who has gained lastable notoriety through his or her accomplishments? Not a one. ban sex and ban caves
geting a bunch of reptile habitat sun lamps to beam some much needed vitamin d into my fucking obese  skull while i do the rounds on sites
inexperienced shit taker here. need someone to hold my hands while i squat to ensure i dont fall backwards into my own mess. preferably girl
i never even thought jeffery epsteins posts were that funny .
my follower's 
8 Words We Must Never Say In Front Of Father (Number 6 Will Make You Shit)
pushing one of those home depot mobile staircases onto its side., getting that shit wedged between the aisles, because they dont sell Geodes
(after hearing the library has games , i arrive at the front desk, disguised as a non-gamer) er.. im here for some.. book's
having a cocaine.mid ringtone does not make me a bad father.
i love spending 10000 dollars to make my car loud as shit and suck ass
bill gates' dog is too dumb to even know his owner is a celeb. thats why i should be bill gates' dog. crawling around his mansion for treats
Peoeple across the country are sick of putting food on the table.  I will stop and frisk the lies #MemeContent #Joke
My CartMan Tattoo? Still Sick As Fuck.  I'm Just Wearing A Turtleneck Sweater Because It's Cold
hey whos this guy going around telling all of our troops about "eskimo pussy"
GET PAID TO CRY - MAKE UP TO "$4.98" A DAY SOBBING ON WEBCAM -MAIL US TEARS FOR вonυѕвυх®- ABJECT HUMAN MISERY IS THE LIFEBLOOD - DIE A HERO
all you peoples posts are "Scooby Doo Ass"
every room in every home must have a Host
motorists are advised not to touch the mattress. the cops are on their way to beat the snot out of it with hammers. do not interfere
(dismissing waitress handing me the check with a hand wave) no thank you. i dont believe in any of that
hear this trolls: ive been secretly respecting the flag in the privacy of my garage for 12 hrs a day , maxing out its power to insane levels
if you dont post anything for a month and i can't find the reason why, i just assume you died and got buried in someones yard like a pet
BREATHTAKING: clever husband sells all of his sons war medals on ebay as punishment for exceeding family plan data caps
do not tell my friend/colleague @PregnantSeinfeld how to make his fucking posts. hes a really good account &amp; ahs been suffering from bedbugs
sheriff's department transmission decoded by anonymous: "Please Keep Rowdy Beasts Away From Mayor During Dog Show"--what could it all mean??
when i told u all i had to get my dick surgicly shortened b/c i slept on it wrong and injured it, i opened myself to you, and you Spat on me
my combat jeans deflect most bow and arrows shots and also prevent me from thinking about sex
wondering why more people aarent faving this screenshot i found of professor Stephen Hawking saying "ape piss". If its fake please tell me
if i was a secret service guy &amp; certain things started happening id simply use the president as a human shield and high tail it out of there
yo bartender!! we all know you filled my deink with ice so you can skimp on the good stuff. hows this grab ya: "No Tip" #TheThursdayNiteRant
they will kick my ass for saying it. they will take my career and my livelihood away from me. but "Wine" , is better than, "The News"
no more. im done.  stop sending me your disgusting pH levels. u whores are far too vile for my consideration.  go date s ome muscle loser
#HipHopStarWars please. imn begging you. all girls on this hashtag please send HD pictures of your teeth&amp; gums. please god just give me this
it is with unbearable fucking agony that i declare the death of "The Thursday Nite Rant" . writing them is too hard
i am the great benghazio . i need Truth for my justice hole #funButSerious #BanMeForMyOpinions #HowDareU #SomosFiOS
theres never been a horny me,   and never shall i horny be, And If this  sacred vow shall break,   I pray the lord my posts to take
back in the dog house after the wife caught me photo shopping her into vintage car ads
let us be very clear on one thing, with all of these posts going around.  tickle me elmo, does not "Fuck" .  Youre out of your mind
two hundred &lt;JOHNNY COCHRAN LEWD HUMOR SWEATERS&gt; , the kennel will give ya 20 cents for these , the animals love to wear them and rip em up
taking my "Gamer medicine"  (Games)
i hate it when shit is "Sparta"
#The12DaysOfContent theyre back boys. the good posts i used to make when iw as an Indie account. the Classics series, 
i am very sorry for all my bullshit @digimonotis i would like to be friends again please just talk to me 
considering referring to my feed ,from now on,  as "The Signature Collection," at casual get-togethers, mensa meetings, etc
lookin for some crazey motherfuckas to do a mind meld with, literally a combination of minds, double brain. we will be the most powerful man
the only font i like now 
if you ask me many of Americans have been wearing the mask even before from covid 19. the mask i refer to is of course the clown's mask.
another cheap N' easy halloween spook: sculpt a giant skull out of ground beef and splash blood on it and drive it around on top of your car
folks let me tell you about the content platform known as "itunes". its so poorly conceived its even got nasas top men scratchin their heads
WHO SUMMONE D WRESTLERS TO MY YARD.  I DESPERATELY NEED STOMACH MEDS AND IM AFRAID TO GO LEAVE HOSUE.  MY BIRDBATH HAS ALREADY BEEN SUPLEXED
does any 1 know the hebrew translation for "dubstep" #tattoo
if this board was real life id be allowed to embed as many bmp files as I want to. if this board was real life you'd change your tune quick
" The Get Rich and Become God Method "  available NOW in PDF or EPUB... 350+ Full Color Pages of New Shit. by me  only $8.99, due to covid.  What a steal . Go nuts  
dont even know how people are able to engage Thought Leaders on here with all these trollsters, hoopla rousers and clowny boys running loose
dis charged from the army for doing memes too much
hello. im calling to report a misprint at the shirt factory. ordered 700 "shit man" tshirts but they all say "shirt man". no i will NOT hold
whuh?? isis is good/? **slams face into monitor leaving a head-shaped hole* Whammo. Fuck off
uploading pictures of yourself crying is one of the big No-Nos of brand management. instead trry uploading a fun recipe. or a quick prayer
realized at 4am that it's morally justifiable for me to "CatCall" women because my followers cat call me in posts. in the replies constantly
Just gotten word that ive been approved for the verified mark. It'll appear within 5-7 days. Wow! What a nice surprise! Thank you every body
im finally fat as hell Its About Time "Its About Time" #itsabouttime
Porn is a constant reminder of how inadequate I am (self.AskReddit)
#10FavoriteRappers "BUMPERCROP", SLUQQQIX, "NONNO", MANDULAQUAI, QUAMFANGO, "HELPER BOY", GWID SMITZ, JAUWLINE, YUGODELPHIA, AND "STAR WORS"
BEGGING AND PLEADING TO THE JANITOR TO LET ME FUCK HIS DISGUSTING MOP
I was dead wrong about the 2020 reboot of Raggedy Ann.  And I can never forgive myself.
when it comes to eating things at restaurants i love the shit that is "Fresco"
men guy 
do speak to me about the economy, Cuisine trends, and middle east things. dont speak to me abou joe dirts balls, and killing me.
they should rename twitter .com "the dignity website", because i swell with pride when i think of the 200,000+ things ive posted on here
"Ive been studying to become a Pharmacist" Thats good. Im living in one of those crane game enclosures now. Sometimes the claw jacks me off,
the Digimon Otis peace treaty will hence be frozen in piss and thrown onto the freeway where itll shatter into one million despicable pieces
the News, as you know it, has died... and from its ashes rises "TRUTHPOINT"  streaming LIVE, wednesday at midnight (EST) , on  
Im going to make 1000 videos of fuck nasa.
getting all the snow out of my driveway with a gun, just fucking obliterating it
bazooka joe... habve you seen this guy. fuck him. he talks shit even though his comic strip is printed on garbage instead of a newspaper
getting removed from a cafe after using their wifi to look at a slideshow of kpax images for an hour
a new face steps into a rowdy roadside bar somewehre along Interstate 22.. back of his leather jacket says "Trickle Down Economics Are Real"
The office space judge, to the trolls: For refusing to stop being a piece of crap i am sending you to 15 years of pound me and the ass jail.
the essential, Male Ass
ive always said we need to make the Dou Jones go up, instead of down. And now that ive been proven right, every one wants to kiss my dick .
thank you Microsoft for sending me 50 Reward'sPoints but i must decline the offer . For i did not earn them, they are not mine to use.
seriously asking myself out loud if i should let my prick get hard, looking at all of this sweet denim. jourdache, you make a hell of a jean
JUDGE: i'll commute 10 yrs from ur sentence if you kiss my gavel ME: no. i will do the time i deserve and thats the truth and also nuff said
me: let's just say if ur a child who suffocated in a plastic bag, my next rant might just rock your socks off buzzfeed: Splendid. Phenomenal
i will admit that sometimes i crash my car on purpose just so i can get a faceful of my Denim Airbags
#PeopleIReallyWantToMeet #oopsiforgot #Celtics forget all of this garbage. when are we gonna nab Osama
people ask me on here, what is the reason for the season.  The reason for the season. is of course, " SANTA "
(chanting to self; walking around in public) dont get owned. dont get owned (body quickly separated into 500 pieces by metallic alien noise)
"sorry sir.  we cannot offer support for any non-standard operating systems" 
is pregnant part of lbgtq #LGBTBabes
im a journalist now so send me any scoops you might hiave and ill try to post it here if its not perverted
my followers have abandoned me after finding out that i dont have any ass cheeks and that the hole is just exposed all the time like a dog's
Let 's Fill The Large Hadron Collider With Garbage Now That They Found Their Shitty Particle
pissed off by my nintendo peripherals and other stupid shit rattling around toomuch in my $1600 brief case
top complaints im working on: - the racism ( of course) -posting the same shit over &amp; over for years -not posting enough of the classic shit
the new meat ball sub's sandwich at mc donalds is a home run and between you and me the taste is sensational and almost good
im the dumb mother fucker who puts the ice in after the drink and calls the soda fountain a "bastard" when it splashes at me
withholding this week's Epic Games tithe until they address the issue of people on the mic calling me "Somebody Uncle"
nerd with lame attitude: North Korea is bad Me: Have you ever lived there. nerd: (his glasses fall off) Me: Catch you later
TODAY WE EXPLORE THE LINK BETWEEN WIDESPREAD SOIL EROSION IN HAITI AND MY FAVORITE TV SHOWS BECOMING LESS FUNNY
welp, time to rescue egypt from muslims.  asomebody please carry all 900 pounds of me to the site of the protests.  wait nevermind im good
content 2 
fucking.. actual yes 
kim jong il's final load will be launched into outer space where it will probably collide with majel barrett's ashes and create a big baby
probably like 4 of the wildfires from the news were caused by my shitty extension cords used for Nature Gaming. ha ha ha sorry firefighter's
making my face Symmetrical in microsoft paint after haivng a mental breakdown on linkedin. com
yea i totally deserve to be put on the sex offender registry cause i got caught taking pictures of my feet at fiveguys burger and fries. Not
please help me to obtain my fair share of royalties from the video " caterwauling jack ass shot with cannon '", which is now viral with hits
controversy erupts as john boener hands out tiny goodybags to everyone on senate floor and sticks dems with all the yellow starbursts #Gross
my wonderful beer men @BeerManJohn @BeerManSteve @BeerManCraig @BeerManMax @BeerManLeo @BeerManRick @BeerManTim @BeerManChris @BeerManDan
man on mountaintop wont stop yelling "Wanker" , cops cannot reach him buecause of falling rocks
What  can i say. WHen its the game of politics, its open season on everyone who has entitled and ignorant views of opinions.  No filter
i got in the newspaper twice. once for my good posts, and once for screaming while still in the womb somehow
feel obligated to inform TL: i accidentally touched a girl dog's nipple while petting it— deep apologies but ready to grow &amp; learn from this
i did it. i posted like a fucking cartoon character instead of a human for 7 years and finally got my free light bulb 
i ONLY spray m y dick with @MonsantoCo insect poiosn, i will absolutely accept NO OTHER, my dick is AWFUL and this is the only thing for it
take my penis out? in a "PUBLIC BATHROOM" (the key word, being public) no thanks. im not jared from sub way
my opionon on people who use the word "ass" is as follows: these people dont exist to me, therefore ih ave no opinion of them. theyre rotten
concerning "Online", ive found there are websites that are often considered the "Good" websites, and others generally understood to be "Bad"
i want to beat the shit out of a ufo
i jsut indie developed a hot new tiwtter mod that lets u put more than 140 characters in a post, if u want it sen me $9, my email is craig@b
see that dumpster labelled "SLAVE PISS"?  bet ya dollars to donuts it's not actually full of slave piss. someone probably wrote it as a joke
restaurants should bring back smoking sections but for jacking off, and if you don't like that idea yiou can just sit in the normal sections
am a network marcketer and a mlm,and i love making friend and allso i care about other as well.i need some1 who have this same thing with me
lets set some realistic goals here : jokes banned by 2016.  sex banned by 2020.  a cop in every household by 2025
Kicking the shit out of the back board on my computer desk because" Dabbing" is bull shit
please pray for my sons Thursten and Gorse who have just glued themselves to a curtain,
hoagie prreserved in peat bog for 30 years - "It's Still Food" - "Oh it's nice"
he lived a rich, meme-filled life
the $100000 pyramid is actually fairly fucking cheap for a pyramid
Bugs Bunny: B Elmer Fudd: A- Tweety Bird: F Daffy Duck: C+ Porky Pig: D+ Theyre the only ones i can think of right now. My hands are shaking
i am going to plunge a sword into our bed and officially end outr 40 yr marriage if you do not stop yelling while i am recording my stream's
to all my mafuken clownz: blessed be
star wars is back
every one on the computer has undergone a villain arc where they stop jacking off for 2 months and go mad because it didnt fix their anxiety
my dr.phil crystal imbues its user with AL;L the abilities and strengths of television personality "Dr. Phil"; & the fbi is buggin me for it
we need less mayors and more sayers (of truth )
in the planning stages, for a new feature of my account which i have tentatively titled " The Three Posts. "  more info coming soon of this.
this gradient they applied to the iconic kellogg's logo is of no use to me. i think i will write them a nasty little letter
leaning against the back wall of the e3 conference, looking at pictures of condoms on my phone while all the dorks freak out about nerd shit
night time falls. im "corie latin" now. a man of intrigue. i place a bird feather into my glass of scotch and i never do posts about my dick
the truth is; a lot of these people making and laughing at shit and piss jokes are actually quite stoic when they're using the toilet
to the 1.8 million americans who died so i could get insane amounts of nintendo switch friend codes from girls by moaning online: Thank you
when the timeline's just not doing it for you, some times you gotta dip into that list of Liked Tweets. because you KNOw that shit is good..
scenario: the air and space museum drops Space and becomes the Air and Spade museum, devoting large sections to David Spade and his comedies
#NationalGirlfriendDay please cherish your gal's.. in honor of us, the single Boys who must sacrifice all companionship to #CarryTheBrand...
☠☠☠☠ the arab prince of hell obama dances in front of his throne while controlling the death markets with his enchanted baton ☠☠☠☠
how come a baby born with a foot in its brain is considered a "Miracle Baby" but when I get my dick stuck in a drawer im just some asshole
Camptown races I mean.
how do i make it so people have to give me money if they want to reply to my posts
feeding my pigs a big bag of barber hair
buiyng a massive 30lb bottle of pills labelled "PussyAdvantage" for a girl on here who told me im like a more Honest version of Dane Cook...
taking a deep breath and inhaling all that horrible, pornographic Wi-fi
Sorry, username "MalnourishedBrony" is taken. Sorry, username "MalnourishedBrony2" is taken.  Sorry, username "ImKillingMyself" is taken
"To my unfollowers, I will strive to reexamine my content strategies, and do my best to earn back your follow." NOt. Eat my Fuckin shit
you see that fucked up mattress over there? that's where i practice my combos
from personal experience, if you nail one of those tiny gift shop license plates over ur real one a police man will grapple you with his ass
you see that big puddle of piss i made.  loock closely.  that miniscule speck in there is my brain.  please scoop it up for me and call 911
no one is safe from my posts no maytter how many stupid fucking buttons you click on
whats the deal with people handing me receipts after i buy things!! i dont want this!! fuck you!! fuck you!! fuck you!! fuck you! #Stand #Up
mesmerized by the branding, of the Wendy's Arby's Group 
stay at home rat
girls always love to telling people not to" Mansplain" but they  do not care of, "Man's Pain"
you have to get up pretty early in the morning to piss off my entire shit
Hm lets see. Do I "Shut the fuck uop", or continue exposing the truths of life to the chagrin of the 99% of people on earth who are villains
DivorceLiker
that'sd right folks!! i, adolf hitler, have been PRETENDING to like rap this whole time so people would consider me more eclectic! Ha Ha Ha!
"I Hereby Sign Over All Content Publishing Rights To 'Paul Dochney,' My Agent And Master" - WINT @dril 
i walked in on two cops touching each other's badges in the unisex bathroom at saladworks and got a coupon from complaining about the ordeal
#The12DaysOfContent #AmericanSniper 
really hoping that someday my wife will surprise me by sending me a picture of my own dick
shooting my lee dungarees with an uzi for that "armyman" look
i have decided to forgo material pleasure so i can write about the experience and sell it to  for Two Hundred Dolalrs
 here is a cool list of "weird tweets'"
i would appreciate it if the words "unconscious hog" were removed from the daily post article about me , as i am no longer unconscious .
#ChrisBrownPickupLines Babe Remember That Time I Took My Shirt Off In The News Studio Cause I Got Mad While Trying To Clear My Vile Record
i fear my tropical fish no longer respect me after i accidetnally stumbled backwards &amp; smushed my ass hole right up against their $3000 tank
some info i picked up: the brown recluse spider, lknown for its venomous bite, is not actually brown.  also theyre not spiders, theyre birds
im not saying i dont respect the flag. just saying id respect it more if it was a picture of something thats good to me. like someones lunch
I Just Want 2 Have Sex On This Site All The Time With Out Havin To Argue With Peopl And Deal With People Cryin And Shit #WiseWordsToLiveBy
"although i cannot be the father she needs, i wish my daughter the best of luck on her life path. now let us sound, gentlemen." - konami_boi
Flying to Dubai, UAE, to jack off in a hotel room.
after editing wikipedia as a joke for 16 years, i ve convinced myself that homer simpson's japanese name translates to the "The beer goblin"
people whose retweets equal endorsements belong in a fucking cage
a perfectly formed snow ball just came out of my ass
just thinking of how wild things would get if i were to bust out a bottle of wine with the flintstones logo on the label.....
vvvvvvv  U see that shit?? That`s what we call in the business "Another satisfied custoumer". Locked down.
trying to heal..... please donate to my go fund me... $10 will make me less racist... $100 will make me extremely less racist...thank you...
pleased to announce that i will shatter all barriers in 2017 by becoming the first adult gerber baby
i got a big wet piece of corn and the cob in my bindle and i cant wait to run it over with my truck after im done chewing on it
good teamrwork.  thanks 
allow me to reiterate.. im on the side that is the least mad. whichever one that is right now. nobody knows whos more mad at this point.
#The12DaysOfContent somone tell me what day im on please because i lost count 
MustardCynic: this is not True Spicy Brown... this is Treason Brown
the wrong side of town. just a bunch of signs on the side of the road that say "Moms Earn Cash" with no phone number or email or anything
#FreeJahar obama smirks as he signs the order for a $5 Billion Helicopter while the boston police beg him to pay for $2500 Jahar trial. sick
give a man to fish and he will Re-Tweet U
SensualMaddenPlayer Checking In.
shaking my head at the gym . wondering when "No pain no gain" became "No brain no brain"
perhaps by shooting a mam to the moon, NASA is the greatest sniper of all? nope. bull shit. it is solid snake
i wont say more of this. but a couple of the big accounts on here have been souporting swearing culture, by posting swears to the time line.
i envisioned last night an older, wiser austin powers engaging a group of young adults about the evils of sex. hollywood, the world is ready
#AnimalTVShows dog fucker
ugh.. my husband never puts the toilet lid back down.  *Closes Lid,; Takes Huge Piss On Top Of It*
the next big online thing is men who eat Dog Food, schedule meetups to eat dog food together and form rivalries with cat &amp; baby food eaters
irradiated diaper on 295 blocking up traffic - 500 car pile up - some one come get this thing
U cant even get a good "Shoe Shine" anymore—the guy just keeps trying to put his mouth on my dick. Is this a Thing now. Is this a Problem
#ToMyFutureKids please tell Past Daddy which 9/11s to prevent
ALERT: don pablos app has malware that photo shops your pics to make it look like youre crying &amp; sends them to every girl on my contact list
once again ive been reported for calling Odie "The dog from Garfield" to make people think i know less about garfield lore than i actually d
((restrained by cops and forced to watch a man put mustard on a bagel) nno!! you're ruining it! That's quality bakedgoods
wailing at th e blooper reel, saying all the things hte actors are doing wrong out loud, punching the shit out of an usher, pop corn flying,
nobody at PepsiCo, the parent company of Pepsi &amp; Frito-Lay, uses bathrooms. this comapny prides itself on hiring people who never shit.
oh look–i failed my forklift operators certification for the 4th fucking time becausse none of the girls on here bothered fucking helping me
APRIL FOOL ISNT OVER UNTIL AMEX REMOVES OUTSTANDING BALANCE OF $333299 FROM MY ACCOUNT & ACKNOWLEDGES THAT I DIDNT BUY 3000 ASTRONAUT DILDOS
i have been tasting my piss every day in order to develop an immunity to it. i am immune to piss. if you piss on me ill just laugh at you.
cant wait to dip a paint roller in my preferred brand of beer and suck it like a big yeti dick
and here we go again. another civil symposium, bungled up and ruined by me, the horny asexual. everyone always blames me, the horny asexual.
worst part of being my masseuse is having to suffer a 5 minute monologue before hand about how i think your job is actually extremely normal
you have the right to remain Diapered.  anything you shit can and will be held against you in a quart of piss
scribbling my exposed dick out of this photo with a blue bic pen so its good enough for linked in
hopping on some tech support forums to accuse people with minor hardware issues of being Mad
the majority of my critics think its hould be illegal for me. or anyone else, to have a job.  Do not fall into their pranks.
fuck "jokes". everything i tweet is real. raw insight without the horse shit. no, i will NOT follow trolls. twitter dot com. i live for this
guess what. i have the brain of a Human.  i have a Human's brain
if you insult the tiny pepsi can at the bottom of the buzzfeed article your'e fit for the bathroom.  i will never let you look at my posts.
 this is the most important twitter account in 2012
if u consider yourlsef part of Grit Culture just because you r dog shed all over your shirt then get the F.O. and dont comeback
FULLY IMMERSED IN THE TIME LINE-- AH DEAR LORD
I have been a jock since I was 0 years old .
iwant to be pummeled with carpet beaters by eastern european grandmas and make big awful clouds of dust
im pleased to report, that once again , beer has been voted the Coldest drink
sometimes i think thnings would be easier if i would just bite the bullet and relinquish my real name for my meme name, "epic Couch Bitch"
how do i make my timeline just this 
i have been pacing the driveway for hours, trying to work up the courage to tell a t least 3 twitter girls that i have married them
oh forgive me for forgetting that youre too good to visit my squalid LA apartment to watch all 9 seasons of the abc sitcom "coach" as a joke
im sorry but what are the odds that 100 snakes would hatch from that huge egg i found in the swamp. in a way, we pretty much won the lottery
im really mad that we as a society constantly allow our celebs to starve to death in the creul and unforgiving wilderness
"the best part of U runned down the crack of ya mammas Ass when she-" ugh i fucked that up. wait "best part of yopu run down the ass w-"Shit
----------------  COP ZONE ----------------
ME: id like to use my AAdvantage rewardsPoints, American Airlines: Im ready to pull the trigger. Go on. Drive the knife deeper into my heart
you say "36,000 pounds of chicken nuggets recalled by the Tyson Foods corporation due to possible rubber contamination" ... i say "LUNCH'
please get the comedy central roast of My Ass OFF THE AIR. it has been edited to make me seem like a good sport., however im truly pissed of
trying really hard not to be Tryhard
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay i appreciate my god given right to enforce the law all over this web page
danzeisen: i need the logo to be a shitting ass quigley: but were a sports company danzeisen: draw that ass up pronto 
who the fuck is scraeming "LOG OFF" at my house. show yourself, coward. i will never log off
the joke is on you fuck face. i actually love getting screamed at and publicly shamed for my dumb-assed bull shit . I love apologizing
wife wont speak to me because i thought the movie "night at the muesum" was a porno film about a guy fucking suits of armor or something
GEnder?? i barely know her!  *cuts off dick&*
Gravity (グラビデ, Gurabide), also known as Demi, is a recurring Gravity-elemental spell from the series. #prayfordemi
it's balls to ass like the sheriff say 
the best part of winning the power ball lottery has got to be getting my hands on some of that Green stuff also known as money.
if e3 does NOT #ShowUsTheGames, KeyBladeWalter, "Epic" Wayne Briggs and I will engage in disciplined self-immolation on the disgusting floor
dming all the accounts on here who pretend to be horny versions of smallville characters, demanding to know their long-term business plan
meeting up with ErnieTheBlade and ChaosWendell at shakeshack to discuss the depravity of bobbed hair
THe,yre going to stop, making twinkies soon. Buy lots of ammo and leather
seems to me i am one of the only people on this earth who knows exactly how high they stack shit.
imgagine if people went through life trying to collect IQ Points in so as much as they try to collect Dollars. verify me.  verify my account
the onion AV club boldly assigns a letter grade to each phase of the moon while dozens of readers chant incantation into the comment section
COOL PIC FOUND, CRAMMED UNDERNEATH THE DRAWERS OF MY DESK AT WORK FOR PERHAPS A DECADE 
Unamused by trash behaviour .
inconspicuously jacking off duringi the board meeting using a series of ropes and pulleys
i requested 1 jeans, of 100% Legacy Deluxe Denim Menswear. what you've brought me is Classic Men's Denim Premium Wear, which, clearly sucks,
The one thing that I am truly the most sick of dealing with online is Ignorance Likers .
a series of incurable skin conditions have caused my dick to look like Darth Maul's dick, and that's the only good thing about me
i get in my car and 100 men smear their asses up agsint my windshield and doors. Unbelievable. I'm late for work. This is clownish.
(crying ) nobody respects me because im a Content Creator!! every one thinks im a pussy!! i want to process lumber!!
/ ! \ / ! \ / ! \  if this post gets 5000 likes, my wife will give me back my inhaler / ! \ / ! \ / ! \
fucking Dumb 
judgementle people deserve to be put into a special kind of electric chair which sends then to hell even if theyre good .
theres no space in the title you shit mouthts. it's one word, it's always been one word, it will forever be "Topgun." i will not delete this
ellen made me sign some papers and put a big blown up picture of my leathery dick on her show instead of my topical tweet. ellen fooled me
i would love to lift all of my pathetic, frail followers by the ankles and huck them like tomahawks
me &amp; the boys will be holding hands., forming a Covenant Ring, to protest girls who only want to fuck the main pirate from the pirate movies
the villagers gather at the summit to hear my horrendous impersonations of futurama characters and grant me offerings of ivory and fruit
im banky.
pretending not to be mad while the guy in the next stall over takes a big shit while I try to Meditate
me and this guy on a podcast talking about how its bull shit that youre not allowed to have opinions anymore 
suck off my ass
i get emails. i get emails saying the trolls have won, and that i should bow to them, since i have lost the battle. to this i say FAT-CHANCE
i see this well has run dry. time to saddle up and mosey along #TheProcess 
aangry bird's.. a Corrupted brand. keep far away
dual wielding toilet paper
oh youre a paramedic? i write a bunch of sutupid fucking shit on the internet about my ass hole and penis. Its cool though. Its fun
arrest hitler for racism
some brand writes a few checks and gets shit like "#XmenDay" trending while i struggle to riase awareness for me buying an above ground pool
a 90 year old man looks at hula hoops "they dont make'm like they used to" now hes all started up "theyre SHIT!! these are picees of SHIT!!"
favorite crood haver , online now
mother fuck Big Gulp ass
i gotta tell you, itunes is running me ragged. i reckon it would require the expertise of a NASA astronaut to operate this infernal program.
i love shit that isnt "For" me
i believe in sex. i work with asphalt and i respect the asphalt. pain is my god and heaven. i am NOT a ＧＡＭＥＲ ＤＵ ＣＡＳＵＡＬ. sponsored by nestle
so what kind of Jeans shampoo do you use?  paul mitchell's denim advantage??  good luck with that you fucking cretin
gah. turned a corner too quickly and maimed my nuts
ok publicist says i gotta do one about the zach braff kickstarter ok uh uh*claps hands* alright–– what if instead of money he asked for PIss
id love to get attacked by a bird. id love for a bird to try to fight me. id love to smash it to bits with my bare hands.
aggressively joyless oaf hhere. painfully obnoxious respect demander checkign in. extremely dim witted frowning man looking for pals
think im gonna bust the window on my microwave open and nuke my ass for a little bit
i would never say something like "Fuck the games world and all its wonderful and mysterious locales. Fuck mario" . i just would not say that
having to spell the word "lunch" instead of saying it so the boys don't get too excited
glued a bunch of steaks to my body &amp; did some poses &amp; got the 2012 olympic muscle man medal &amp; threw it in the trash cause its commercialized
"i said i wanted to meet the KISS dudes! not that i wanted to meet and kiss dudes!" haha dont mind me, im just testing out some new material
kudos to FX for promoting a tweet with horrible eyeball gore for some bad tv show aand pissing off a bunch of ladies 
every singe day... my followers ask me. where can i get the latest Kfc DinnerPlan. and the answer is simple my friends. "Mc Donalds"
FREE COUPONS - GET 3 SIMPSONS OF YOUR CHOICE PROFESSIONALLY PRINTED IN FULL COLOR ON THE SIDE OF ANY DESERT EAGLE PISTOL - I GOT 'UM
bug off my posts
BOSS: i need you to go around to all the other employees and collect their piss in this thermos ME: Yes Sir! I will not fail you, your honor
i like to act genuinely baffled when people tell me to shut the fuck up. like "Huh? But why? The shit i post here helps people, but ok,"
You'll Never Believe Which JP Morgan Executive Utterly Eviscerate Fitness Blogger Moms Flat Stomach Selfie #WeirdNews #CoolButWeird #Offbeat
Fucking yes this .  Friendlys has a meatball bar
Looks like slavery is alive and well, if youre a Top Influencer. Im not mad or anything I just think its funny. But i am pissed off by it
i am pleased to announce, that i have Normalized beer
now that nest neutrality is finally dead I can start blasTing the shit out of birdhouses with my 9000000 calliber rifle scotfree
tired of pretending certain people have "some good ideas". i miss when all i had to do to fit into a social group was take Heroin constantly
now, bear with me folks. if you want to know why i would post something like "stuffing my fat pussy with sage", simply look at the calendar.
can anyone who has successfully made a surfboard out of their own shit please holler some pointers at me or maybe shoot me if you have a gun
good avatar round up October 2018 
#the12daysofcontent thank s 
calming down, with magnets
for my dedication to the brand. . ive decided to treat myself to an affordable vacation package in ssplendid, extraordinary "quicksand hell"
girlsl... i shall virtuously employ the expansive breadth of my tech wisdom to protect you all from Daesh... even if you dont follow me...
just thinking about how two guns mounted on my wall in an X pattern would look really good over my toilet
IF SATAN IS READING THIS PLEASE MAKE THE FINGERBOARD  ON MY DESK DO 1 FLIP
anonymous leaks 400 pics of the principals ass on viddler. somewhere a group of police officers stand over a single red rose in reverence
im an illiterate heroin addict who can name every first generation "Crazy Bone" (gogos)-- book me for your next Wedding
i must rotate in my seat eternally to avoid having my muscles damaged by wi-fi energy
i posted on here earlier about how ihad a leather belt wrapped around my nuts and not a single person asked if i was ok.  Fuck you
had that dream again. a Top Female Influencer grasped my hand and took me to my Forever Home..where i never have to demean myself by posting
MIss the days when i could post something like "Crisp Angel: Birdfreak" and get immedialtey a check for 1 Million dollars
you see; most of the piss were exposed to in our day-to-day lives is immediately diluted by toilet water. pure piss is a monster all its own
  the old book's also 50% off on there, only $4... give it a Look
yes i can confirm that george zimmerman just fashioned a cocoon from Monster Energy cans and metamorphosed into a gun with angel wings #cool
in melrose, new mexico a young woman found a 'cursed' mouse skull in an unspecified variety of "utz" brand snack foods. beware of this
dont pay mind of me. i am just a hound dogs old ass...
Another Jeans Rant.
ihave been banished from the city of dubai due to my excessive sweating and practice of pyrokinesis
Mpuh. I could take the time to pick your pathetic posting logic opinions into shreds, but i wont, because i have a life in real life, Thanx,
my name is not "Wierd Dick Man ", so please stop writeing it on my tent.
i theatrically cut open an envelope. "The facts are in, Trolls" i read off of a medical document. "Normal looking man. No evidence of Autism
betting $10 on each of the horses because all of them are my God , and every one of them has the power to physically annihilate me
the btk killer spits in my god damn face. the impact cuases my neck to whiplash and separate 2 of my vertebrae. i flip him the bird but good
#AmexAlicia prray for my aids uncle
well i was going to climb mount everest but this yelp review says theres a nude man at the summit swinging chains around and yelling "fuck u
people will be so pissed off when every AI system independently &amp; consistently determines that the absolute perfect tweet is "Dolezal Rules"
YO !!  DONT SEXT THAT TEEN
i think that the dog version of the super bowl shoyuld show some god damn respect to the regular version of the super bowl
Removing the battery from my phone until the time line becomes less toxic.
thinking about some computer slob clicking on my Like button— right after touching his nasty dick. hey buddy; i dont want that shit. Keep it
a visit.. from the easter man 
wiccan and juggalo are the same thing. they just announced it on the News
yes my lord 
ah (sees the good low gas price while driving, spit takes hot coffee all over dick &amp; the sharp, sudden stimulus causes me to ejaculate) okay
covering "sarcasm just another service i offer" tshirt with a shirt that says im not that interested in sarcasm to catch my rivals off guard
#2wordsforvday @@@ NO    CHAVS @@@
your post has bbeen Hotbugged by DipShitx666
how do you clean a shirt
giving myself micro penis as punishment for my worsening posture
49 reams of &lt;WALLACE AND GROMIT LEGAL-SIZED STATIONERY&gt;, only a bastard would allow this to tocuh the foul lips of a garbage can.
once agian the posts sent to me by screwball accounts have caused me to spit up and defile my big belt buckle which contains my son's ashes
bring me your dead pet and i will make a sword out of it for $39
air purifier in my apartment going fully nuts after cooking my delicious dinner. sorry you hate Food bitch
rip to this guy 
sipping some campbell's chunky soup from flask in coat pocket
"don't tread of me", the famous words of that good snake who doesn't want to get stepped on, the noble slithering bastard I relate to most
i will never apologize for accidentally dialing 911 in my jeans pocket or accidentally begging the operator for a "cop massage"
#InterestingDevelopments:do not purhcase Hatfield Quality Meats as they contain a rare pigment alloy that turrns your skeleton bones black
we have just been informed that more and more teens are buying "wax lips" from candy stores. do not be fooled. these are not their real lips
argh.. (shakes fist) Damn you White people !! ha ha, but seriously though, most whites are actually highly intelligent, and resourceful,
for $500, i'll follow oyu on here and steal your best posts. this is an excellent way to get your foot in the door if you ask me
Theres a guy standing outside lennys pastrami shop. Says hes going to goon your ass
MY KUTCHER/SCOTT " DUDE AND SWEET TATTOO" ROUTINE IS SEVERELY HAMPERED BY THE FACT THAT IM ONE PERSON
slamming some coins into the juke box and playing the worst song you ever heard about a "honky tonk man who needs his dick sucked"
if your in anonymous please help me destory "zepplindoug777"s life with a meticulously devised terror campaign or somethig
trying to get the girls chat recognized as a hate gruop
**makes a loud inhuman noise and attempts to crack wacom tablet over knee*
i love to hover hand my gf in pictures. (gets Owned across various media) sorry. Sorry everyone. I forgot that was bad
today is international lunch day so start eating. #InternationalLunchDay 
amazing to me that people are still complaining about my genius sons being too loud, in 2016, of all years
i'll find it
*slams king james holy bible shut on a piece of pepperoni with mayo and onions stickin out * And that is how u make a truth sandwich
if you want a verified account on this website you gotta drink Pepsi ONE™. the food board recommends drinking 1800 Pepsi ONE™s a day
the military industrial complex spent $99bil on dixie cups to ensure that not a single drop of our troops genetically superior cum is wasted
but who will advocate the Non-essential oils?? the oils my body could not give a shit about either way
due to budget constraints the ground hog this year has been replaced by a caged man in a loincloth who also fears shadows
imbecile goes viral after telling tgifridays waiter that his caesar dressing is "too spicy"
my dream uncle would have the calves of an angel...and the thighs of a Devil
when the legendary CBS comedy lineup comes on, i simply turn it off. Know why? Ive been pissed off too much times to care. Does it Shock you
nothing pisses off Baseball more than showing up at the plate holding a custom djinnblade, designed by your cousin Chedson, instead of a bat
imagine how fucked uop it would be to have a brain and be able to form thoughts
turner classic diaper
punxsutawney phillip seymour hoffman sees the shadow of death meaning 6 weeks of really good jokes like this one
turn on howard stern. he is talking to a policeman habout how tough their job is and that we are proud of him
dominating thte buffet table with a pair of Sai
i come on here &amp; lay down the hammer and the time line shuts its damn mouth real quick. cockoaches scattering like little peices of dog shit
*sees Tarantino get misquoted* You Bitch Mother Fucker *sees war supported on flimsy pretenses* Wlel, that's his beliefs and I respect that
"ey!! im walkin here" - me getting waterboarded by the us government
CAN GOD RESPECT GROUND ZERO SO MUCH THAT EVEN HE CANNOT BUILD A MOSQUE ON IT
everyone cuts their arms and legs off in the future because all you have to do is say "computer fetch me my Posts" and itll do it
a guy who calls him self "service animal toucher" is going around trying to trick people into licking elevator buttons. stay safe all.
One Million Strong Agsinst God Hateing Diaper Man
 gorgeous.  wonderful
im moving to israel, where the boys are nice, as soon as i get confirmation that they use the same kind of toilet paper that we use here
*enrolls in psychology major* finnally. this will give me the upper hand in dealing with trolls *fails all courses* college is fake actually
Welcom to MpregCraig's Mpreg Dolphin Cove 3D... if u are a shark fanboi, please leave.  2d likers? no dice. Fpreg? get the F outa here
apparently shirtless people are interacting with me on this site. please put on a tasteful button-down top if you want to fav or retweet me.
i will never apologize for my ass no matter how many people close their accounts. i will never apologize for the gestures i make with my ass
we got myers.  seth.  verne.  all ready to put on their costums and entertain u.  think youre ready??  absolutely not.  austin 4.0
- Always retweet promoted tweets. - Always surreneder your username and password to Girls - Always Wait 1hr before replying a Verified Acct.
my Piss is busted ...
Yeah!!! Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Im Doing it!!!  Im experiencing 3d
i come to u, gentlemnen, with solemn demeanor, for me and NeoGeoLewis agree; the grim state of the Pringles brand can be tolerated no longer
most famous birds:  1.Krfc   2. talking parrot who said "i love you" the night he died 3. thanksgiving turkey 4. tweety bird 4(Tie). Phoenix
(pulls a out a cigarette and a lighter ) Mind if i take a shit
discussing covid challenges with my Jeans strategist
((SPILLING BLOOD ALL OVER KEYBOARD) THIS IS WHAT U WANT. THIS IS WHAT U FUCKING BASTARDS WANT RIGHT (1 WEEK LATER) WHY ARE THE KEYS STICKING
(after getting split in half by a 16-inch bullet fired from a boat) waiter theres a fly in my Soup
police man kicks me in the diaper while running out of radio shack, causing my shit 2 fountain up and ruin several RC spongebobs #rodneyking
koko the talking ape.. has been living high on the hog, wasting our tax dollars on high capacity diapers. No more. i will suplex that beast,
[kOaLa_Releasez_Prezentz]gilligans_island_theme(Tap_That_Ass_Mix_2007)by_DJ_arbys(Deceased)_uploaded_by_Vect0rman.mp3.zip
my only regret is that i have but one Grid to Go off of
the media wont shut their yaps about me 
does anyone have any tips and tricks for someone about to own a Balcony. Can i take beer on it
is this.. the fabled web 3.0 #fuckingmonstrositysidebar #jesuschrist
dont !!!! 
i have black friends.  i own all 3 current-gen consoles.  my shelves are filled with a variety of Book`s.  im virtually untouchable
i maintain that curly is by far the most malignant stooge. without his toxic influence, moe &amp; larry couldve ascended to unfathomable heights
im going to power up my content in this year 2014 by divorcing my wife and crowdsorsing a new gfx card for me. thats my guarantee
buddy youre ten pounds of shit in a ten pound bag, of shit
i despise the toilet. id love nothing more than to kick it through the wall and shatter it into 100 shards of wet porcelain. But i need it
"The jeans generation"
Want to say thanks to PedophiliaMan for this comment? Give them a month of reddit gold. Please select a payment method. PayPal BitCoin Credi
&lt;MUMMIFIED FERRETS&gt;, each one dressed as a cast member of "The Little Rascals". the notable exception of Froggy renders the set incomplete
the itunes program is so complicated its like you gotta have a degree from nasa just to play sweet home Alabama.
adult man who must frequently be burped like an infant or else he will die
ok.  so apparently rap did exist in the 90s. and i apologize. all the other objectionable bullshit i post here is real, though
theres bullshit Cybervamp and regualr cybervamp, and im the regular one, and youre the bullshit one cause you do shit like play mario games
thought friday would be a fun day to test run my pizza-pattern necktie, until i ripped my clothes off after being called a "fucking scourge"
Funny how some people will forget to click the like button on my posts but always remember to like posts that say war crimes are good , etc
just jacked off in real life while you were busy downloading hentai of the old woman who lives in a shoe at 56k
guys think if they squat my user name on emerging social media platforms ill give them $1000 for it , instead of just calling them a Bitch
BIG Bible Town is a multiplayer online game set in a 1st century world. The objective of the game is to create your own unique BIG Bible Tow
someone please send me the recording of orson welles reading off that big list of "you might be a redneck" jokes., i need it beofre 11 PM
i love doing the shitty pushups where my knees are touching the ground and counting them as real pushups
in light of the slender man case id like to remind my followers that teens have also attempted murder in the name of digimon otis
some one needs to tell these guys out there flying planes with banners on them that nobody can read their shit
Going Very fucking hard on donald duck today.  Saying i would never want to be him, or be any part of his life.
i want to network with clean human
obama needs  to stop writing constitutions or whatever and help my failing business sell rat hair to imbeciles
girls legs 2017. legs getting shot by paintball guns. "Is legs normal." legs on the mind.  annihilated by legs
ATLANTIC CITY - 9:02am - A second oversized globe has hit the Ripley's Believe it or Not Museum .
many people do not realize that after you enjoy a meal out at a restaurant you can pour the entire salt shaker inyo your mouth as a bonus
when I catch the hater/troll who plunged the legendary sword AssBane into my butcheek I will do a cowboy dance on his tiny nuts &amp; kill myslf
 heres the thursday nite rant contract, as requested
i just sucked my own dick and got poisoned. no podcast tonight
mother nature and father time arre not real. theyre fake people who were invented to explain trees and clocks to shitheads
in Are society, women are constantly fucked and had sex with .  it is therefore my duty as a Senator to inspect their pussys for microchips
the asimo robot is full of rats. nobody ever washes it
oh? you want me to take the bad santa posters off my car windows? sorry, i forgot that its a fucking fedearal crime to think things are good
PLEASE at least look up "Event Horizon" on wikipedai before you chastise me for screaming it on 9./11
the torture of being a Top Influencer on the hateful, chaotic earth... 
writing in "god Trumps racism" and walking out of the voting booth high-fiving the Good Cops with a visible load stain on my croch
how do i get one of those stupid ass hyper links under my display name that says im a senator
,my name is borat for me to poop on and i love riding the short bus to the olive garden where i live
have sex with rag doll instead of humen  #ADVANCEDlifehacks
pumped my home FULL of oxygenated perfluorocarbon so i can swim N breahte; forgot to vacuum up pet hair & crumbs beforehand ---- Chest Pains
as a Race-Minded simpsons fan it pains me to declare that korean animators have no right to draw pictures of black people, or vice versa
ive already accepted that im going to hell because I mispronounced church as "gurtch" once
i want a medical expert to hook me up with those scissor that cut all your clothes off in like 2secs because im a large man &amp; its a struggle
if i could only maneuver myself in such a fashion that my dick could fit into the drain of my bathtub id be truly content with my life
man encased in lethal amounts of body oil and skin bronzer preserved for thousands of year.s.. beautiful
Looking To Be Jacked Off Into A Basin - m4w - 32 (Trenton, NJ)
taking sips from a big fat thermos with the isis flag on it. thinking about inventing an app that tells me when lunch time is
i want to become a master plumber so i can make shit rain on my enemies
it is nothing short of miraculous that all the rich people on this website are personal friends of mine, and care about me, and know my Pain
Mr Deeds Gay Download - What You Want, When You Want It
where do mirrors come from.  if i stand in front of a mirror is my reflection also subject to the insurance mandate??  can i touch mirrors ?
my friend nasdaq_oscar says they just let all the pardoned turkeys run around the white house and shit on the carpet. disgrace to the office
SOME ONE REPLACED MY INCEST FAQS WITH PICTURES OF TURKISH FLAGS AND GUNS
sniper flawlessly zaps the lid of my beer jar clean off. camera zooms in &amp; out on my astonished face accompanied by buckwild cartoon soundFX
please everyone search for shit like "autism microchip" on youtube and look at all the thumbnails on their videos 
tormenting lab animals with my huge vibrating ass
whenever someone tells me dolphins are intelligent as humans i send them the article aobut flipper killing himself to prove that theyre dumb
i live for th e sensation of adrenaline pumping through my spine when another person on here publicly accuses me of being "Off Brand"
i believe that jade healm 15, and the markets going haywire, youve got a "Witch's Brew" of bull shit
donalds crime 
Seems to me that politics is something of a "Double Edge Sword" , that can be used for Good, or, in some cases, Evil.
need to gain. concerned of my big boy status. dream of becoming Army Strong by the age of 35. rip me open another bag of tiny marshmellows
 and to think ebert said this isnt art
no. i dont care where you hold the "2012 Incest Olympics" but its not gonna be on my roof
reasons to invite me to the next "Tweet Up": 1) if i get unruly i can be easily overpowered 2) i know which seasons of the simpsons are good
oh whatd this?? another death threat in my inbox? well know this,  i fear a world of subpar bird tyranny more than death
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo show virtually no interest in The Bible Code
ah man. how embarrassing. i chose the user name "CondomMaster" a long time ago, back when condoms were cool. dont look at it
thinking i could bring my laptop to people who never saw computers, like some black tribe in africa. let them watch me game for a few hours.
i take my gf on a balloon ride to propose. a field of wild flowers spells Women Are Crooks. "oops sorry." i apologize. "that ones for my dad
i specifically requested that my bone marrow be sent 2 the man who wants to rub it on his dick, instead of that dying girl. this is bullshit
stop for a moment and think about the most realistic Vagina youve ever seen in your life...
people who write "RT" and copy/paste instead of using the retweet button are the same people who changed clothes in the toilet stalls at gym
"Please. The time has come for you to Normalize the repulisve and despicable Digimon Otis." No. I will not normalize that fool ,or his sins.
wow i just dropped a bowling ball &amp; out of all the billions of places it could have landed it hit me straight in the dick #GlitchInTheMatrix
dr oz tells me on his show that you can just pour a shit load of mouthwash into your laundry instead of wasting money on various detergent's
looking at tom dixons mens plum wine cooler 
my account is of no business to the trolls and their septic ilk . go jack it, fraudsters.spew contemptuous bile on your toilet. not to @dril
can;t believe people still try to rile me up in the year 2010
FUCK OFF 
workshopping some atrocious new kfc slogans "My oh my, The taste of it" "Kfc its a boys thing kfc" "aah!! Munch" "Help me get to kfc" "Hubba
jacking off is Alphamail
sarcastic wonka thoroughly Titty Fucks the pearl harbor mosque in a series of reasonalbly calm tik tok vids- All while sipping his damn Beer
just had to click down the 4th post today about our mr. president's "thick hooters". lets clear off the bathroom mouth
please read my longform treatise "The Arrogance Of Burger King" available only on my new $70/month content streaming platform "ShitWire Pro'
i proudly skim the amount of $17.76 off of all my employees paychecks, because they do deserve pain
Comments off until the children go to bed.
summoning. the bang bus
"posting" is "first responding"
guinness coming in 2 mins to film me breaking the coveted "most trash cans knocked over using piss" record but im too sad to put clothes on
id like to report a hacker. he offered me 1000000 to show my dick and didnt cough up the dough when i delivered the goods. i got hacked
U are the cancer that is killing 
the first step to becoming a Millionaire is to acquire one hundred dollars
pplease let me join mensa. my IQ is essentially,  zero, but i have very good, clean hands
ENJOYING BOND MMO?? JUST CRAFTED SOME REMARKABLE BOND GEAR WHILE YOU WERE BUSY TRYING TO FUCK THE NPCS WITH THE HUNDREDS OF OTHER JAME BONDS
custom long john silvers gift certificate that says "Partyboy" on it plealse
ignorance... is a fallacy .my dear pals
digmon otis once mistook a beached toilet for a dolphin egg
taking my laptop into the Jungle...
(shows up at new media seminar with a chunk of wooden fence stuck around my neck and a bunch of stray animals following me) sorry every one
slin jim
if i ge t one more comment about guns being a type of Glove- im spraying the fuse box with a hose until my computer turns off
im role-playing as a piece of trash on the corner of market &amp; 5th. in need of 2nd player to lift me into the garbage please. i wont pay you.
reviewed obama inauguration speech. not ONE mention of "varmints" #ProVarmintPres?? #getUmOut
#worldpenguinday please cancel whatever the fuck this is and make a global holiday for oinline content producers with ring worm please.
2011 YEAR OF THE ASIAN WOMAN CHALLENGE: SUFFER A GENUINE PANIC ATTACK IN EVERY CRACKER BARREL RESTAURANT ACROSS THIS USA NATion
im going to start a multimedia network for those who enjoy smacking dingers in the game of base ball and also marry baseball
TEARING THE MONA LISA FROM ITS CANVAS AND USING IT 2 CENSOR MY BIG BARE ASS AS I BUMBLE MY WAY OUT OF THE LOUVRE WITH GUARDS SCREAMING AT ME
SCIENTIST INVENT VACCINE THAT CURES AND CAUSE AUTISM AT THE SAME TIME.  THE ULTIMATE HIGH
i'm just like you, pal. eivery morning i put on my straight hetero jeans one leg at a time and pour myself some straight hetero raisin bran.
if the pigs decimate my follower count tomorrow–Know this. followers are just a number. devoid of meaning. and they can never take my Likes
i have spent the past 14 years of my life crafting an intricate tale that evokes the mind and spirit. i am proud to bring you "Ghetto Sonic"
i have it.  the ultimate pushup
extracting rare metals from my jeans
ive gotten too fat for my diapers and now i gotta go across town to get specially made ones and i cant drive because im bipolar. fuck racism
playing Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training (2006, NDS) 15mins a day gives me, i believe, the edge required to successfully deflect troll attacks
 just gonna leave this here.. feel free to buy th e stuff on it. to my house if you want to
*covers up apartment's only window with a "Keep Calm And Enjoy The Posts" sign* yes!! mother fucking yes !! this shit is Perfect! god DAMN!!
these moon posts have got to go!!!  *spraypaints "Bad Eclipse" on some desert boulder miles away from humanity and dies of dehydration*
my dick and my ass are normal
im the dumb mother fucker who sucks on my computer monitro like one of those aquarium fish; to bond with ceelbs, brands, trends, what have u
driove 5 hours to rodneygamerfield's apartment to sit on his mattress and watch the animatrix while he played on the computer.
i was about to invent a joke about how people Stay using their car horns too much, but then i remembered that COMEDY DIED , due to HATERS !!
why would anyone want to put hell on wheels. what kind of satan would allow this
banking on becoming one of those guys that consistently sucks so much ass tthat people arent allowed to own me anymore because its boring
no matter which way ya slice the apple, nine eleven was possibly THE most controversial event of 2001! #EmmyAwards #redcarpetfucker #pissrug
when the earths Magnetic Poles flip and everyone suddenly stops thinking script format posts are good &lt;&lt;&lt; (whichever directions the bad one)
i just talked to all of my celeb friends on this site and they told me that the blue checkmark is good to have. personally, i believe them.,
a cement truck pouring its load on a bare ass nude man lying face down while people sing happy birthday to him
llove to look at a big slice of meatloaf and say "Damn it's good"
"the online web. truly a touching testament to the power of... deeply Human connections." -what Abe Lincoln would say if he were alive still
FELLA'S... WHEN YOURE WIPING YOUR WIFES ASS... YOU MUST ALWAYS, ALWAYS USE "TOILET PAPER"
rotating inside of a porto potty at least 4 times looking for the sink
when should i start embalming myself
Fidgett spinners are making people dumb assed .
where are my damn freaks.. where`s my nasty Posters. where are my fuckin doofuses
im 14 year s old and im already more psychic than my dad
climbing the empire state building holding a giant baby bottle labeled "Muscle"
floating in my above ground pool nude from the waist down wearing a shirt that says some shit like "i find your lack of wifi disturbing"
please tell me I wasnt the only one screaming at the tv last night, begging for one of the VP candidates to recognize budweiser's sacrifices
its true. each cow's udder has one teat that will shoot piss instead of milk and ruin the whole batch. they call it the Farmer's Gamble
i do not know the official name of the pringles man. but it is NOT "bruce pringles", as the trolls often assert,
THEY SAY A NEW BOND ACTOR IS CHOSEN OUT OF RESPECT EVERY TIME THE REAL LIFE JAMES BOND DIES, AND HELL, FROM WHERE IM SITTING IT CHECKS OUT
im a Fuckhead media specialist who wants to know 1 thing... WHAT makes twitter.com 'tick'
the show wife Swap but for gaming set ups
cant deal with people who have such an utter disregard for brand integrity that they would log on without a shirt. this is not a pornno.
changing 500 tiny diapers on 500 disgusting rats #TheLifeIChose
all the wonderful fictional characters i remember from my suburban middle-class 90s childhood break into my home &amp; scrutinize my filthy dick
guess who just filled his hot tub with high fructose corn syrup and is ready to take one swee t dip...............
#ThingsWeAllHate pornos and sex
"There is something to be said for being able to bring that Wow factor., into mediums that make use of Social. Mm. Just incredible" - @ Dril
christ... just suddenlty hit with the realization that what im doing here is truly important. . thst behind each "Impression".. is a smile..
the news is my Life and my world.  thank you sir @walter cronkite
tiodays FunQuote: "Dont forget the WiFi" #FunQuote
Man said he could see into the future and told a Japanese tourist she would die if they did not have sex on a "sacred site",a court was told
now that i'm unemployed I can finally weave an intricate fan universe based on the chick fil a cows who are always holding the signs up
posting my 680 credit score durihg peak girl hours
Nobody Checks My Son For Head Lice With Out Getting Past My Police Issue Hollow Point Smith &amp; Wesson Which Gives Everyone It Shoots Leukemia
everyones always using selfie sticks these days instead of attending lectures about string theory and shit and im so mad i could crank off
if i win that wendy's contest i will do the right thing and choose to set dick vitale free
contents of kim dotcom's panic room: imported mtn dew (glass bottle, no corn syrup), "no copz allowed" sign (affixed to door), blooper dvds
fuck sars
just the other day i was taking a bath and i saw a tiny tugboat in there leaving a chemtrail. i told it to fuck off. im a green beret gunman
im the guy who is famous at the hospital because i had to have two catheters put in since i piss so much
i lovoe challenging people on here to Duals and beaning them with a sniper rifle while theyre like fucking with their phone, waiting for me
thinking of that 9/11 thread on the pokemon board i used to post on where the Admin said "Welcome to World War 3" &amp; everyone shit them selves
my name is Tony Turds and i demand for people to take me seriously everty time i talk and also for people to like me
dippin my head out there for some hardball strapthug coplikes to handle my doofus and preg me down ,no wise guy shit #nerdland
i dont trust banks. especially the pig shaped ones
Retweets Against Adam Lanza
CALLING ALL MUSCLEFREAX— a country named "Ethiopia"' severely lacks Muscles. let's hit the bench and get heavy in their honor. #MuscleCrisis
#foundMedia #ReallyGood 
tokyo of nippon. the big apple. it is here i will forge my destiny selling printouts of my most Fucked Up posts. i sip off my beer cup &amp; nod
95% of people these days think the bad celebrities are good. like and share this if you miss the days when pople liked. the good celebrities 
nude palestinian grandpa with micropenis tazed by BP oil executives in scuffle involving megan fox's $100,000 iphone; blogoverse implodes
so if the admin posts pictures of his varicose vein clusters it's ok, but when i do it my avatar is replaced with hands gripping prison bars
dont u dare step foot into my dojo until youve read oprah's blog post about east asian nutrigenomics and their remarkable immunity to autism
phaw!! 2am!.. time to go hit the hay (jacks off and comes back ot the computer)
what a terrible coincidence that this shooting happened to occur on Gun Joke Day
look at all these pitiful toads shamelessly seeking validation, unlike me, seeking validation in a cool, disaffected sort of way
production of beetle bailey 3d the movie has been CANCELED due to "small fires, sandstorms, lack of interest"
and i find it kind of funny i find it kind of sad the dreams in which im Beavis are the best ive ever had
asking the baja fresh cashier to detain the teenagers in the parking lot who told me i loooked like "Frosty the snowmans uncle"
i am renouncing my status as" south park republican dad" inorder t o embrace a working form of dre3w carey libertarianism ( dad)
i thitnk, that, before you wish death upon someone, you should make sure their tweets are really really bad first
the mythbusters hurl rocks at a sick dog, adam looks at the camera and says'" Oops" wihle jamie fucking shoots some guys house with a pistol
in 2017 i will make a concerted effort to become a ringling brother.
In culture, today, where they have cellphones, it seems, as, though, the most forgotton words in the English language are, "I give a Damn."
some people get their accounts suspended for cursing out celebs.. i get mine suspended for posting things like "Sports is making a comeback"
pass the savings onto me mother fucker
leave your DRAMA at the door, or i will SHIT myself !!!!
Its 2019 and  It `s only 12 pm
basically,actual doctors have told me my brain is Perfect. ANYWAY, HGeres nine paragraphs I wrote on why leaving tips at restaurants is bad
i am a natural showman. i love to show off my natural's
Its time to open the dialouge, on the Mens penis.
(to women at party) Im probably the top most crapped-on guy at twitter. My options get trashed constantly and Im best fit to shut my mouth.
as sure as i am a VETERAN`S SON , i will never move over and let an emergency vehicle pass me , no matter how loud it is
JOE PATERNO IS A LEGEND. THE MOMENT HE WAS BURIED HE IMMEDIATELY GOT 2 WORK FILLING HIS COFFIN WITH PISS, SHIT, &amp; CUM. HES JACKIN OF. #WeAre
reluctantly jacking off at 60mph to the girl silhouette on the big rig mudflaps in front of my car while whispering "trucker's code"
#MOMCHAT IS TRENDING.  #MOMCHAT IS TRENDING. YOU HEARD CORRECTLY, #MOMCHAT IS NOW MAINSTREAM. EASILY ACCESSIBLE BY FALSE MOMS. FUCK TWITTER
enjoying my Microsoft
obana. i know you're reading this. where's benhgazi. what did you do with the benghazi man. release the benghazi gems. #YouJustPulledAnObama
the coolest thing the police ever did was invent their own flag thats just a desecrated version of the american flag
i think it is good to vote, unless it is inconvenient, or boring to do so. then it might be very bad. i'm sorry for doing politics om here.
i hope my followers are remembering to urinate frequently, to ensure the proper disposal of bodily waste.
#RespectThePolice alright done. what should I respect next.  bugs?  urine? im taking requests
shocking wiki leak #WikiLeaks #ObamaChewingGum 
reddit user "IncestVader" has just confirmed that @RicinElvis is thbe culprit , is on the loose, and is going bonkers. please yell at him
ENOUGH *Throws All My Jacking Off Books And Jacking Off Memorabilia Into The Garbage*
lord knows i help my self from time to time...
Your search - "cal ripken's tears" - did not match any documents.
thank u mysterious stranger @drilsdiapers for doing the community a great service by cataloging my abject misery & rendering me unemployable
reality tv show where we replace one lucky boy's pc gaming chair with a fully functioning toilet. every episode
(in worst human voice possible) folks rmember to click that fuckin like &amp; subscribe button and leave a comment below in the fuckin box there
i'm truly thankful towards Irritable Bowel Syndrome for becoming an integral component of my identity and shaping me into the man i am today
me and some extremely crude boys in a pickup truck scream "hipster" at some kid's lemonade stand then crash into a turtle and eat shit hard
fucking nobel laureates screaming at each other about the current state of Juggalo Love in the handicap stall at dennys
how did they do the ace ventura butt talk. i know that shit wasnt real.  was it 3d or robots
"diapers are for animal at the zoo". nmever in my life have i seen a more ignorant comment written online and overlooked by the hitler media
dear horseshoe crab,: you are neither of those things, and yyou look like a damn rat in a hat
a horrible mechanical abomination attaches itself to my skull and injects my latest Klout score directly into my brain every thirty seconds
i just heard someone was angry on a website and now im angry and people are angry at me for being angry at him and im angry at them too #hel
check out this little guy if you have never seen him. his name is mickey mouse and you can find him on any computer
please contact me if you own one of the six corporations who controls 90% of the american media or if you're of the dragen race
extremely good shit 
like these curtains??  100% japanese denim.  like my shoes??  100% japanese denim.  wanna bite of my sandwich?  100% japanese denim. #tcot
yeah lets all j ust sit here and pretend everythin'gs ok while dick vitale sells his body to the wendy's corporation for big buck
i will pay the jim henson company $100000 to make the old critic muppets pepper a slideshow of my most miserable nudes with caustic remarks.
as we speak, RickGameCube, Bradley_X, GodlyWalter17 and myself are planning an attack on the terrorist organization known as "Al-Qaeda"
i only allow ppl to contact me by artful magazine clippign collages sent in insured fedex packages or by my xbox tag "dirty_shirt_iddiot5"
when i was young, i always dreamed of becoming an artist. at age twelve, my father taught me how to tie a Square Knot.  Now i hate art,
i feel a good balance of nice energy &amp; rude energy cioming through the monitor at me, and i think i will stay online for about 3 more hours.
I WIL NOT RESTORE THE PSN NETWORK UNTIL ALL 7 HELL MASON BANKERS ARE IN JAIL & THEY BRINGBACK COOKIES N CREME FLAVOR DORITOS
Sept 11: it is a testament to the resolve of our nation that the nine one one towers are still standidng upright and intact to this very day
I already discovered the Higgs-Boson particle in the trash can, with the rest of the hokum . #CERN #God #GodReal #GodIsReal #GodsReal
studies show that 5% of all the food that content creators consume is waiter spit
my favorite philosopher is Ben Stein .
my crystalologist told me that bin laden was trapped inside this $60 jade charm?? getting REAL huffy & worked up righ now and demand ansers
Interesting that some people care enough about my posts to look at them and read them. Says a lot about you Dick head
worst corn maze in usa has to be "The Cornundrum" in Melvin,OH; the corn seems brown or sickly, hand stamp wont wash off, stray dogs roaming
"☆ ★ One day, Miss Hannah Minx escaped from an anime cartoon and started teaching Japanese on Youtube. ☆ ★ ヽ(*゜▽゜*)ノミ" me too. that;s me
ive got my eye on you matrix_gary.
next year itll be the 3 days of content or something. i cant handle 12 whole days on top of stress &amp; trouble brought to me by gimmick memers
budweiser queerspace
this feed is protected by grandma
im not cut out to be a content producer!! fuck thtis!! i want to go back to just looking at everyone else's content and nodding if its good
when thw pope says mother teresa is a saint.. i say she Ain't!
my cousin was charged with arson(Bullshit) , and i was thinking we could all help out by drawing up some memes to display in his prison cell
hey uh, it's just the thursday nite rant. if youre offended i dont give a shit. Thats whats to be expected from the thurdsay night rant.
i love having molotov cocktails trown at me in the cyber cafe-- not. idiot
i detect a trace amount of piss in the public pool, turn purple &amp; foam at the mouth. i scream as the lifeguard injects me with piss antidote
"im not owned!  im not owned!!", i continue to insist as i slowly shrink and transform into a corn cob
im still allowed to jack off. jacking off does not count as pissing. please let me have this
#FreeSlurpeeDay they dont ever wash the slurpe machines. the cops found a shitty waynes world baseball cap inside one of them
using mindfulness. to waste my enemies
i will never name my son "Rufus" .  that, to me, is a dogs name
seems like nowadays are more like nowadays than they were thenadays and thenadays were less like nowadays than they were thenadays, nowadays
in honorable protest, i will abuse my ass cheeks with radio waves until the Olympics forces all of the swimmers to wear shirts
makers of @SlimJim announce @SlimeJim !!!  dog food for humans
the hell hour has ended. all 37 repliers to the official hell hour tweet have been blocked indiscriminately. they took the gamble and lost
thje teen choice awards blows the kids choice awards out of the fucking water instantly, zero contest #culture #TheArts
belittle mme.  call me shit. throw hair at me
im rwriting a script about a smart and handsome army man cop who murders civilians but wants to stop murdering civilians because hes in love
i accept all your apologies you sad mother fuckers. YOu all have a lot of work to do when it comes to critiquing my meme style. Foul animals
Ghuph,.Being called a "Bastard" on here by someone with a sexually explicit avatar is the bigguest laugh ive had on this website since 2014.
(ccrying) its jst not good. nothing online is good. we will ne ver top 1999's "monicka lewinsky craping" vid from back when jokes were legal
▲ ▲ ▲  htese are the jeans that christ died in ▲ ▲ ▲
to everyone talking shit about my fine motor skills: *gives the Finger, checks to see if correct finger is extended, it isn't, tries again*
watching stimpy slide up the fireman pole traumatized me and made me want to become a united state marines
whatre you gonna do with all that baumit..gim me some of that baumit come on man 
soirry. i didnt know retweeting "fuck lobsterfest" would make me lose 200 followers. ive learned my lesson so feel free to follow me again
although im the foremost Blue Jeans Virtuoso i consider it disrespectful to wear them. i simply kiss each pair 5 times a day; facing mecca.
imagining a real dumb lump of shit guy, like 55 years old, reading some article aobut jada pinkett smith in his squalid office and smiling
"please post more of these" "ok"
Houly fuck.. They did it. They replaced all the HF corn syrup w/ pure cane sugar. My minds absolutly blown by this shitty drink for children
fuck wifi 
i plan on spending christmas with the kranks by putting the dvd in and playing it. i want to spend christmas with the kranks mother fucker.
Im sorry that the 12 days of content feature isnt as good as I planned it to be. I will try to to better of it, in the remaining days. -Dril
cghecking to see if i have the correct wattage on all of my Light bolbs.. now thats a pizza pie #thatsaPizzaPie
with the engagement numbers yiou people are giving me some times i think id may be better off changing my name to "Mr Go Fuck Myself"
i hate i t when girls think im proposing whenever i take the knee at them in protest
laughing all the way to the bank, but only because the guy walking in front of me is wearing a twisted t-shirt............
bbeing passively aggressively retweet trolled by half wits &amp; their beautiful girl friends just makesme say "Not before ive had damn coffee."
#worstfeeling my as
my ass looks like a Stooge's ass
any 1 want to look at pictures of owls with me write the word Hoot on a bottle mesage & toss it in the frog pond
INTERVIEWER: we looked you up. you dont even have a twitter account, which is good ME: Actually i was suspended for posting "Gumby shit ass"
my dick's like the size of a toilet
"if theres a spicy brown mustard, why not a spicy brown ketchup?" The wise man smiled. "my friend, the condiment you seek is Barbecue Sauce"
people are not ready to hear it . but. simply the most persecuted skin color of all time, is " NUDE "
alcohol is a drug, beer is alcohol, and drugs are a form of beer
once they put out a unicode symbol depicting a tiny ass i anticipate that the jokers &amp; miscreants on here will use it for criminal purpouse.
bastard, 
2012 ready????  Hm Lets See *opens uhaul truck full of diapers which proceed to spill all over the dairy queen parking lot*
join the resistance. mosque_puncher@fartmail.com
please remember that im in charge of this website before you try to drag some toughguy shit all over my good page
this has gone too far.  im closing my account until people stop accusing me of being mad. i will also spend most of my time offline laughing
(1) hack myself into the principals computer (2) do a rude little dance (3) get beyblades Unbanned
i hate it when the refferree kicks me in the balls and ass while my opponent has me in a head lock
one of the all-time classic flubs 
rhinestone cowboy 2: titanium cowboy
happy birthday " horus the sun god"
Im going to shut the computer off until people learn to be more mature about life. In tge mean time, suck my dick
"Sucked Behind Bars" "George H.w. bush bimbofied me and sucked off me"  "Snowman fucked me" "Locker Room Fucked by snow man"
my priceless stradivarius gaming keyboard... fcovered in policeman urine
who wants t o read some extremely embarrassing opinions about how i believbe the @mtn_dew twitter account was taken over by a false dew fan
FOOL: Foot &amp; mouth disease isnt necessarily good ME: Ive had it with this shit. Im showing this to your employer FOOL: Dont. I have a family
Greetings. Today I would like to discuss "Porky Pig"
jungle of bad ass toilet attachments and accessories turned against me. robot arms shoving toilet paper in my mouth and restraining my dick
#AmexAlicia prray for my aids uncle
The ceremony will begin at 12:00 EST, wherein DigimonOtis shall unblock my account, and I will Follow him, officially ending this turmoil.
Ur Honor, The Jury Is Obviously Biased Against Me Because Theiyre Mad., And They're Butt Hurt, And They Post On Different Forums Than I Do
i was so wound up over trolls this morning i forgot to wipe my ass. i pulled my pants up and the shit coalesced into a wad on my lower back.
I REALIZE MUSTACHE69@FIANANCE.BIZ MAY NOT BE THE MOST PROFESSIONAL EMAL BUT IVE GROWN SINCE I CHOSE IT AND WOULD STILL LIKE TO BE YOUR LAWER
apparently pharmacies think theyre grocery shops now. selling food product instead of focusing on exceptional pill service. Get real, punk !
my ass looks like a fucking frankensteins ass
Im Sorry For Dragging My Bull Shit To The Notary Public But If My Jason Bourne Rage Comics Aren't Canonized By Sundown My Wife WILL Leave Me
nobody told me that" doing donuts" was some car technique. up until now i thought that it was just another way to say you're eating donuts
thinking aobut turning into a wolf and kicking hurricane sandys ass
which 46% of you mother fuckers arent buying soap 
my followers love to Drool &amp; Shit like a bunch of dirty daugs; and they would see me damned to Hell if i cut off their precious content flow
please watch my realtiy drama"shit eaters" about people who eat shit and are constantly goaded into cyclical arguments with their loved ones
WAITER..ive made it quite clear U are not to speak to me until im ready to select the Spice Level of my braised quail dumplings..now BEGONNE
might fuck around and post "The Masked Shitter" , as a sort of commentary on a certain tv show with a similar name
unban me from college 
down load the brexit app today muy lord
scenario: the duishwasher mouth starts up in some dumb ass baby voice. "GIMME SUM JET DRY!!" i unload my .480 ruger into it without Emotion,
everyone loves it when i go to their parties and mix all the whips together (cool wip, reddi wip, miracle whip etc) like a fucking shit head
my dick is stupid in how fat it is and it flops around like a piece of shit and looks like a beanie baby
- the Deterioration of my Balls -
the road is a battle field, all the other cars are your enemies, and not using turn signals gives you an Advantage against then
Leaving the group chat so I can focus on my responsibilities as a Shark Tank subbreddit moderator .
could not find the hospital in time to console my dying grandpa because googlemaps changed all the road names to "Bacon Street" or some shit
/~-_,♠-|.RAT.|-♠,_-~\  /~-_,♠-|.POPE.|-♠,_-~\ #tigerblood
called a "fucking asshole" for slipping cool pictures of rage faces doing hitler things underneath all the doors at the hospital. yeah cool
twitter is granting me the world's first Dark Verified Account because shit pumps through my veins like blood and i have a shitty attitude
everytime jeff dunham makes his miserable puppets kiss each other a bridge collapses somewhere
boycott digimon otis. hes not even that funny
THINKING ABOUT WHEN DID "IN GOD WE TRUST" BECOME " WOULD YOU LIKE FRIES WITH THAT"
deep philosophical questions , such as "has a police man ever retweeted me"
gotta get these tuerds out of my mustache before the cops come
SOup is not lunch.  Soup is a condiment
 you will pry it from my cold muscular hands, fucker
i weawr blackface while i game to improve performance. i have no intention of racist. That will be the final post before i turn my phone off
please stop aksing me in the dms if i have to go to the bathroom. i just went to the bathroom and im fine.
the pinheads at the post office are all down there whooping it up with my good car mags instead of delivering them to my tent in the desret
#FreshmanAdvice i will demolish you with my perfect upper body forever because seniors rule the shit out of this school
thinking back to it.. most slaves, only had to deal with one master. the Modern Content Producer has it far wrose, having to please millions
surgury to become japanese. Surgeruy to become Japanese
bob costas found hung with the word "FED" carve in to his chest #iamamotherfucker
#NewFastFoods Fast bread
the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.  i repeat, the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.
reasons the famous statue "The Thinker" is better than selfys &amp; cell phones: - It is a classic - It is for geniuses to look at - It costs $0
every now and then i like to treat myself to a bit of "Lying under oath"
there is too much of Lies...
ive mastered "Draogns Path," ive not taken a shit in over 20yrs,&amp; im willing to have my ass hole inspected by a notary public, to prove this
scuse me i gotta check this...ah, looks like my retweet was reblogged bty chief tech editor of Reader's Digest (yea hes verified). solid mag
getting my loan approved at the bank by lying on my back and executing a series of flawless air kicks right there in the lobbby
im going to urinate all m y damn cum out.. dont read this if youre Male
im the Dumb motherfucker who holds a 21 gun salute in honor of pizza huts old brand on the quake server &amp; fails to get the boys to cooperate
i wear the oj simpson glove while i post . thats just a small example of how fucked up i am. Dont make me tell u more
having my druthers— and eating them too
my idiot trolls get ulcers whenever i say my top 10 favorite film quotes to girls
Thw common law wife is giving me "Side Eye", for accidentally eating some of the poison they left out for the stray dogs in karachi
kneading my dick and nuts like a wad of dough on a bench at pay less shoe store. i do not appear to be enjoying myself. im frowning actually
MAIN STREAM MEDIA: why do all your jack o lanterns have a hole in the back thats the exact circumference of your dick ME: no further queston
rats dont have pussys
there's almost certainly a cosmic connection between my conversion to Muslim and my ascension from "'Tweet Writer" to "Content Producer".
#youbeblownwhen you run into some five figure intern in the executive washroom
for a 2nd time, a user has threatened to go to the bathroom on me. ill tell u this. only way thatll happen is if ur leaving in the body bag.
1) wise the fuck up, 2) put the same amount of days in all the months 3)people need to put on the damn thinking caps 4) im boycotting months
starting an NRA for Turner classic movies
looking how to become more cyber
a teen approached me at the food court and said "I see you wore your clown costume today" and i spent the next 9 hours processing the insult
dont even think about serving me food from taco bell that isnt served to me Méxicano Style
TO WHOEVER IS SHRIEKING AT ME RIGHT NOW I CANT SEE YOU BECUAS EIM FUCKING RUN OVER BY  CARS SO SHUT THE FUCK UP
#3WordsThatWomenHate my dick
juts donated $300000 to a lobbying firm whose main thing is letting people drive cars at the age of 6
twittter posts a net loss of hundreds of millions of dollars each year just while i post highfalutin messages about my dick and ass
ever see a good app and say "oh i gotta get my hands on that app !!"??  that feeling is the spirit blood of my Web Strategy. I Am The Sphere
the shirtless man at the farmer's market has been talking about  "lesbian gravel" to the peanut guy for like an hour
Welcome to the citadel of eternal wisdom.  Behold, this crystal contains the sum of all human knowledge -- Except Rap And Country
windows..on behalf of all boys online, INCLUDING the trolls, id like to extend a well-deserve "Thank You" for putting updates in my computer
# i will never bring dishonuor to the web by lowering my self to the point of placating the lowest common denominator witht "Joke" or "Gags"
oyu investigate the mysterious object that falls out of my shirt onto a pile of bibles. your worst suspicions are confirmed. it's a hairball
attn Waiters: giving me one of the free pens from TD Bank ruins the experience of signing my check. it is a slap in the face. A death threat
the mayor has erected another insulting effigy of me (myself) foir the local children to hurl stones and urine upon.  lost my vote bitch
will try to become less of an Ape on the day of holy sabbath
ever since i read a life changing book i have desired the ability to morph into a Policeman at will. i will not divulge the name of the book
know what. im not fucking sorry. the "12 days" project has been fairly solid thus far. as if the shit you people post is better?? get fucked
feeling my IQ increase by one point for each dollar that i send to the "Shit Head" New York times , Greatest news paper in history
im thinking a tiny palm-sized toilet you can just keep on your desk &amp; jack off into would soon become as ubiquitous as the personal computer
ill be spending new years encased in marble with magnetGirl77 because we just basicly trust spirit world more than human world at this point
Cart Man
Curse of the Colonel (カーネルサンダースの呪い Kāneru Sandāsu no noroi?) refers to an urban legend regarding a reputed curse placed on the Japanese
lvoe to perform aerial leg drops on the referee
cave man: ou ou ou,. keep net neautral so me can download Porno Monopoly guy: why not jack off to a Turner Classic Movie instead
holy gravy holy meat  holy moly let us eat 
" big-ears bastard ruins another opera after being flung off the balcony by marines "
(struggling))ok i figured it out: all opinions are good, except for the opinions that say other peoples opinions are bad, because thats rude
i have been advised not to ascend to the spirit plane in my sissy dress and #diapers
Once again, those dastardly, Devious trolls have installed a device underneath my computer desk that shoots me in the dick every time i post
(flips wallet up in the air and tries to catch it in a cool way but spills its contents all over th e place ( $2))
#uknowuneedlotion not only does it smooth you put it on your hands to prevent,  swine and bird; amoung other things, thank you
if you dont accompany my twitter feed with the "real time with bill maher" theme music every time you read it youre4 a piece of shit
what this site needs is the apollo theater "Sand Man" to push all the " MORONS " off stage. I will take this down if it is considered Racial
kicked outta the classroom again for pointing out the obvious fact that our school buildig was built by slaves.
ME: What do you mean the plane departed. The clock says its only 8:25. TICKET AGENT: Sir Thats a clock ME: I know
the face i make WHen 
getting pissed off at the idea of someone going on to wiki pedia and changing the name of the japanese suicide forest to "Warios Woods"
haivng the xbox controller vibrate in my lap for 14 hours a day has rendered me sterile , low - t , and betagender
brett favre punches a curtain with the word "INCEST" painted on it, rips it down, looks into cam and says "No Incest" #PublicService
harvard geniuses/ scientists love to wind down by going on boards and posting threads named like "What is the screen resolution of a mirror"
(playing russian roullette and its my turn) hasta the vista mother fucker (shoots the other guy
I`ll not be watching the halloween themed episodes of "Wheel of Fortune", as I dont find them scary even a little bit. Please and thank you.
LOOKS TO ME LIKE nobody cares what a crumpled up shit head like me has to say.  this garbled crap eater...  this Cocksuckered old dog......
once again, dick clark's diaper drops miserably around his ankles precisely at the stroke of midnight, signifying a grim year to come #2012
my fuckin opinion of politics? heres my fuckin opinion of politics. not a single senator in the history of the united states, has been white
Number two.  I will never apologize for defending myself from the onslaughts of jealous swine
i will never use the word "Doubloon" to describe a coin
maybe sometimes both sides... are good and bad at the same time??? im sorry if im doing this wrong. it is difficult to write
when i see people putting up foul language on to the feed, all i can do is laugh, knowing that they will never get their posts read on Ellen
widgets. ... theres nothin quite like 'em #TechBoys
jason born is smarter than steven hawking, combined
remember folks - you can click on my posts at any time to make them bigger on your screen
Its not even a popular toy anymore
*inhales sharply and punches a sofa 6 times extremely quickly*
if you see a man in a fawkes mask walking down the highway with a sign that says "Gamestop: Power to the Players" that's me and i need water
snubbed again by the 2012 Skeleton Awards; tore my skin off for naught
bad news: were all helpless cogs doomed to ceaselessly perpetuate a machine  good news: the machine is a Sega and were all sonic the hegehog
online is sickos
it was cool when they yanked saddam out of the spider hole becausr i was like "haha that guys me before i had my coffee. thats me on monday"
pouring a beer into another beer because i once read of the concept of "Mixing Drinks" from a James Bond novel
The Fact Remains That Your A Guy From Reddit, And Im A Guy Who Posts On A Website Thats Somewhat More Prestigious Than Reddit
please dont try and tell me that schrodinger's diaper is a quantum superposition of clean and dirty states, we can all fucking smell it
really good place to leave a new toilet 
i sacrifice my most valuable gift card to the ocean to quell the intensity of the raging waters. forgive me, saladworks .
EVERYONE PLEASE BUY YOUR MAGIC SPELLS BEOFRE AUGUST 30 WHEN EBAY BANS THEM FOR GOOD, CONTACT YOUR LOCAL ANONYMOUS REPRESENTATIVE &amp; HOLLER BS
found a bunch of blueprints, street plans and pictures of pregnant women in a suitcase labelled "Pregtopia" in teen son's room. please help
im bored.  lets end rape.  put a blue ribbon or something on your avatar if you want to end rape i guess
A gun is not clothes just because you can wear a holster with a gun inside of it. Jesus christ. Shut thhe fuck up about guns being clothes.
dragging my Pitty's and my Rotty's around in a stage coach . 11 pea brained loud mouths thrashing around for treats
#TheThursdayNIteRant hashtag is now Public Domain. I am permitting twitte'rs worst users to sully it with unauthorized, low-quality rants.
im now boycotting my wife's delectable meatloaf until she marches to town hall and reverses her vote of 4 more years for hamburglar mu'bab .
theres an inherent sense of nobility, or perhaps honor, in the Shit that i post, that distinguishes me form my peers. undetectable, but real
it was always my idea to fill all the fire engnies with shit and piss to save water. the mayor stole it and planted a bomb in my car
GM developing car seats which detect how wet your ass is and post the data onto your facebook page, for fun?? fuck eveory thing about this .
funny how ppeople get faved for posting "Humour", but when i post about how deeply in love i am with the girls here i get the old Brush off
if your car is this.  Fuck yourself 
Donwnloadable Content (DLC) and Microtransactions is Protected Free Speech.  (USER HAS BEEN BANNED FOR THIS POST)
&lt;MY FATHER&gt; , who had gone missing for 17 years and was presumed dead after failing to return from his ultimate dumpster diving life quest
im a Diplomat's Nephew and im tired of pretending um not one
im the smart adult with my shirt pulled over my head so I can play holdum poker on my phone with out having my performance affected by glare
AMID THE DISASTROUS TORRENT OF JOE PA'S WASTE &amp; ROT, AN IMPROMPTU COMPETITION WILL OCCUR TO SEE WHO CAN SHOUT "FOOT BALL" THE LOUDEST #WeAre
every person on your "Who to follow" list writes articles called "No more Mr Family Guy" because peter griffin showed his penis or something
im tired of everyone saying that pinocchio turning into a real boy was a good thing.  it was a demons trick
raise Hell to end workplace discrimination against men who suffer from PL (Pube Loss). force my boss to pay due tribute to my pristine mound
mastering Life calmness in the face of being called a dip shit
the pursuit of having trhe nicest opinions online... is the only thing that separates us from the god damn animals. the sole reason we exist
jay leno was the last good boy on tv. he was my final connection to th e outside world. there is nothing stopping me from becoming feral now
geting AssBlasted for sharing my normal man's perspective, in a world . being fucked hardcore, by goblins, for liking Due Process
ELLEN: But what you're most known for is your use of the infamous N-Word ENTICED AUDIENCE: Wooo !! ME: ahh!! ya got me!
submitting my email address and clicking "yes" on massive amounts of promotional offers while choking myself
anyone catch that middle finger during the half time show?  it was mine, in my living room, directed at the tv #ImIndie #GoodIndie #Indie500
getting my Dick finagled , by my tantric wifebride, in my chamber's
seems like to me that in this foul economy the only thing "On the Up and Up" is the damn gas prices, thath we all gotta break the bank for .
convinced that about 98% of my followers and favs are all from one awful man who is taunting me becuase I spoke ill of orange julius in 2011
"liking arli$$ too much" is a bullshit thing to divorce me over
beginning to despise my friends and loved ones for pushing valuable branded content off of my feed as I struggle to comprehend this world
my 2015 new years resolutions is to go to hell less often, and raise $99 by selling stolen mulch to buy my account back from lockheed martin
to my hawaiian pen pal from like 4th grade; sorry for sending you a pinecone. if someone sent me a pine cone in the mail i'd beat their ass
#NationalPigDay no. this is crap . the pig will never have his day. i demand that the "Pig" surrenders this filthy assault on our calendars.
please stop coming to the dumpster factory where i work and forcing me to tell diaper jokes. my boss has taken my car away becausr of this
' george bush master of porno '
there are two type of people in this world, people who know binary and mpeople who win the special olympics because there retarded.
one of the things you realize when becoming a genius in many aspects of life is that the world wide web. and the computer, is the same thing
i just want to find the optimal bra for sniper operations,  but everoyne here is so rude, and pieces of shit
me, begging everyone to stop running around and pay attention to my venn diagram labeled "GENDER & AUTISM" on board the capsizing Concordia
im the one guy on earth who thought it was cool that google glass would allow you to look at your dick and make it shrink/change colors
some times.. i need my coffee fix so bad.. i gotta grab TWO mugs!! Im the mockery of all my co-workers and i fucking suck
every little thing that U do...... Baby im amazed by U... 
sen Dick Durbin holds press conference telling people to stop making fun of his name, farts on tv, is then forever known as "Fart Durbin"
so long suckers! i rev up my motorcylce and create a huge cloud of smoke. when the cloud dissipates im lying completely dead on the pavement
thinking i might be able to get the blue check mark if i post a 40 page manifesto and spray piss all over the fresh produce at krogers
just call me george watchington. beucase im watching tons of nice shit appear on my computer screen
my new jeans 
what do I model, you ask? i model for those gag golf trophies that are given to bad players by coworkers as a joke. guy with twisted up club
i wish my opinions were good enough to put on bumper stickers, but alas, i can only say "syria is basically road rash 64" using my mouth
 "Fucking lame" "awfully done, not even funny" "Awful" "100% not a ragecomic"
animals can have spirit animals too.
youre all a Dog of the Coward's order. ill take you across my knee and slap yopur Ass., i will "GIVE UM HELL" as ordred by the great general
scorlling through massive amounts of online clutter empowers me
after another day of getting Owned by #HateMail and #DeathThreats nothing beats coming home to my policeman wife and getting shot &amp; arrested
#TrumpColluded with my freaking nut sack . print this you cowards
i cried when the genealogy researcher told me this
the more i think about it, them ore i understand that if i won the Nobel Prize, i would become either a genius, or a millionaire
just thought of a new guy. "The Guy who writes down the make and model of a car he saw in a car commercial, for future reference"
Double standard [rage comic] : MensRights
200k/yr media job where we all wear sweater vests, kiss each other &amp; try to convince people biden is technically a "Molester" not a "Rapist"
i love shit that has a "sense of humor "
running some scams out of my scam tent
Why am i smilin tonight fellas?  Just got my hands on that new good treat to sip known only as simply "Bber".
im the dumb mother fucker who has permanently fucked up abs from wearing a pair of suspenders backwards for three days straight
my dick is a beak now
my followers are STUPID as FUCK !!! they are all on CRANK !!!  they hate ALL my shit!!!
 miracle bird. kfc kfc kfc kfc
my followers know im the go-to Bitch when it comes to interior wood paneling, so if i say its a "no buy", the shit has become seirious
ah,. so I see you too have an interest in tech, and epic sciencse. Get this, i just read that each bitcoin is now worth, over 100 bitcoins
the password is "dragons" go go go
inventor of GameFuel's impassioned plea: "please stop drinking it.  its not for human consumption.  why are you drinking it.  its for cars"
(the trolls watch in astonishment as the milk shake they threw at me flawlessly bounces off of my head wwith minimal pain and mess involved)
effects i mean.
throw money at my dick
my hell life 
donlad trump reportedly says that normal type pokemon are a waste of time. they're just dirty birds &amp; rats who have no right being a pokemon
whoever wrote "I Exist To Be Hollered At" onto the back of my Official Nascar Cape nneeds to crawl over to my address for some rebel justice
sylvestetr the cat: sufferin succotash! Terry Schiavo was murdered
cum bib
please follow my business associates @ZohanTweet, @Jokes_Zohan, @RacistZohan, @ZohanCroatia, @ZohanMoneyTips, @ZOHAN_REAL, and @MyFunnyZohan
the joke's hall of fame 
just found out about Object Permanence... why didnt any one tell me about this shit
some one has got to stop this guy 
instagram??  thats a laugh.  if i wanted to see pictures of things i'd pray for eyeballs
ibm scientists place two atoms next to each other to create "world's tiniest ass." government orders them to return grant money immediately
*circles "become gay" on a whiteboard*
why is it a crime for me to confine garbage using my sweatpants and why does everonye on couchsurfing .org get mad when i yell at them
i do understand that it's halloween and it's only natural to want to get up to a bit of mischief, but paws off my hash tag please.
I Am Your Slave Madam President!  I'll Always Protect You! 
hu... now im a man who likes his garlic butter.. let me tell you. in fact, im prone to saying that regular butter needs to step it up a tad,
people come up to me and say, "I will never use the bathroom. I will never shit" and i gotta tell them pal, sooner or later youre gonna shit
my mansion sucks
its time to face facts. our teens just arent creating any jobs. they have failed our nation
your the ones who sold out not me
Laughs Right In The Home Depot Man's Face When He Says They Don't Have Any Bird Baths For Sale
do not piss my ass off. do not goof around with my ass
none of my followers like jokes, none of my followers enjoy Fun, every time i try to lighten the mood people just post pics of my mug shots
The instant I heard the song yankee doodle aas a child I threw my headphones off and said that the shit is over rated and I was right
finger nail check. everyone please post your fingernails right now for my inspection. i will block you if theyre filthy
jacque fresco and i watched the original run of matt groening's "Futurama" together and i pointed at the screen whenever the robot came on
it is a Content Curator's solemn duty, to post links to shit, without freaking out under the intense scrutiny of the craven, impotent masses
Disgusting Pear Man Fucks His Hideous Orange Wife -- Read More: Reuters.com
alright. so we narrowed the name of our band down to either Traces of Mondo or Pepsigasm. and i already printed out 90,000 Pepsigasm tshirts
much of bliged
Japanese;Chinese,Korean;Vietnamese are the only Asian women that I have  ever known. That is why I use their look and experiences.
i am notr, nor ever have been, a nerd, and i have used some very powerful swear words on this website that would blow most nerds socks off
my top 2013 picks: 1) guns 2) pictures of guns 3) halloween thank you. please look out for the top picks of 2014, which i will do next year.
every morning i pick up the local paper and read the latest condemnations about my rinky-dink, slipshod Ass &amp; my child-like shoulder blades
u know irt's a Monday when you rear-end a cop car and your trunk pops open, launching 500 or so jars of piss onto another cop car behind you
RE: Restaurant Etiquette &gt;&gt; I've been a waiter for 9 years, and I like it when people snap their fingers at me. So your commant is invalid.
Enjoy New and Exciting Recipes Including Buffalo Chicken Mac &amp; Cheese and "Mac &amp; Cheese Gone Wild".
apparently im not good enough for the pep boys to follow me on twitter. apparently the pep boys fan fiction i poured my soul into is a waste
did they get it off line yet. did they take off the pic of tweetie bird with a humans ass
5000 Year Old Turds Found In Ancient Diaper Revealed By Scientists To Belong To Man With Small Penis,  Shapely Hips
i have never looked at my own dick in my entire life.  not once
if your tweet doesnt grab my attention in the first 9 or 10 characters it can just fuck off
 "Trash is Good"
when my friends on here create promo accounts for whatever side projects theyre doing but dont follow me on them..its fine. im relaxed of it
despite this being the 1 day that allows the legal use of "Ghanja", i will isntead opt to absorb the celebrated works of Foxworthy &amp; Engvall
my "The Banquet of Posts" has now ended. There were so many posts from lots of different people on here, and they were all Winners. Thank yo 
what do Chris Brown, Hitler, and Charles Manson have in common?  something charisma something something power something atrocity #teambreezy
(in forced toughguy voice ) What the fuck is a clove of garlic. Around here we call it piece of garlic
my name is "Pruce" now. tell every one you know that my name is now pruce
am i still blocked by "The diaper guru" ? yes. but my people and his people are negotiating an amnesty agreement as we speak.
i apologize for referring to everyone who bought my official scent as "The Sucker Squad" in a private prayer to god that some troll recorded
adult man stuck in glue trap given a stern talking-to from his rich uncle
that guy who makes all the ffuuu comics must have a milion dollars by now, mean while i live in a gutted bureau
my trolls &amp; detractors all have gross mental issues. they love drama and are all jealous of my precious army man blood #truth #SorryNotSorry
windows 8 disrespected by scum bags: the age of technoWisdom dies amid the screams of bloated, bleating hog`s &amp;the laughter of moneychangers
sometimes i have dreams that @DogBountyHunter & I are hanging out shooting the shit then a criminal shoots him & i breastfeed him as he dies
llove "Driving Um Wild" with my trade mark wrong opinions
Sorry fucked up
i propose,on may 5th, we hold what i call the Banquet of Posts. we go all out on that day &amp; do as many posts as we can. The Banquet of Posts
ive signed a 1 Month Pact w/ my wife which grants her the right to viciously berate me online, as long as she watches &amp; supports my Stream's
i am sick and tired of having my page mocked just because ihave a lot of good opinions on apps, on hashtags, and all of that good shit
police...!  Poison that man
utterly dejected by the fact that my favorite romance novelist is just a Trident marketing strategist shilling mint gum to teens #ArtDeath
thinkinga bout paying a newspaper $1million dollars to run my opinions regarding the Circus
scrolling down my feed..lauguhing my ass off at my own trade mark "Knee Slappers", my mouth stuffed with bread making beastly noises
PISS 3 TIMES A DAY.  THATS IT
- ass kicked in hooters parking lot - thinks thunder storms are fake - donated 200 Emeralds to the police
i rise; spreading my arms, exuding fluorescent spheres of energy, each representing an Unfollower, Cuasing me a great deal of pain,Screaming
this is the room where i simulate combat scenarios by performing wrestling moves and crowd control techs on 22 girl mannequins. the gauntlet
the reason i dont address the trolls ib because i know that the truth would hurt them so much that they would probably take their own lives.
priest plugs my coffin in at the end of the funeral. "MILLERTIME" lights up in neon on the side, desecrating my corspe &amp; sending me to hell
#4wordsthatleadtosex BEST custom license plate
WELL I PRINTED OUT MY RESUME, DUNNO WHAT ILL DO WITH THESE OTHER 4999 BOXES OF PROFESSIONAL "IF YOUR A HATER DONT READ THIS" STATIONERY
ive been notified by my agent that if i do not tweet the phrase "Epic Wells Fargo" four times this month i will have one of my ears cut off
(trying to apologize for sending dick to 900 girls) you see the phones have a front &amp; back camera. so taking pictures is really complicated,
i can't post the reason i need a wife from this website by june 30 because that info is private. grow the fuck up. all of u
worse than goldman sachs: secret tapes of me bleating like a shit-covered animal because time magazine refuses to publish my meemes
↑↑↑ U Are Now Cybernetically Engaged Via Intercom Uplink To The Realm Of TheBeerPope ↑↑↑
when the war ended, my grandpa was spit upon but kept his pride—it is in this spirit that i choose to carry the burden of Gamer . #GamerGate
intense dr pepper cravings from being mentally mpreg., check. dick looks like an ear from botched circumcison,chsck. 1 big purple arm, check
i just tattooed a qr code to my ass and when you scan it a picture of my ass comes up
i will not let anyone touch my pitbuls unless they are wearing a collared shirt
speaking of war crimes, some say the white flag of surrender was inspired by a piece of toilet paper dangling pitifully from my ass
Frowning Principal Exposed To Beer Content On Time Line
&lt;IRAQI PROPAGANDA MOUSEPADS&gt; , featuring Uday and Qusay Hussein as babies wearing Costumes at the circus
Fuck off. Thats in poor of taste RT @SplendaCowboy GUess its The AIDS quilt now
months ago i dreamt about people making their ass cracks longer with surgery. i woke up &amp; immediately put "Crack length" in my drafts folder
attn supporters of hashtag #JackOffForTheEagles: thgis is NOT an official, NFL sanctioned method of supporting our birds. use xtreme caution
i mostly just need help getting the teeth. i can handle pouring them into my ass by myself #ParksPremiere
Posting is the easiest shit ever and yet theres people on here with hundreds or thousands or millions of followers FUCKING IT UP
i dedicate this oscar to the caveman who invented electricity, because without him― Film would cease
im going to be one of thsoe guys who writes ebooks named like "Brain God: Calculation Master" then spend all day screaming at people on here
what if instead of oil-- the warhawks were all after the enemys piss. like "we gotta take baghdad. we gotta get their piss." just having fun
james bond learns how to do cartwheels from a wise eskimo on top of mt. everest and uses them to roll through a nuclear blast unscathed
You know, from the tone of your posts, it seems as though you actually WANT the Jeff Dunham brand to fail .
reminder to all of my female cop followers that i worship female cops daily
stop FUCKING calling me "EPIc Divorce Man", or i will terminate my pogo account and take my tokens wiht me. i am not a MEME, im a HUMAN BEIg
"...most of the human race killed off, because it is unworthy, it is unworthy of the gift of life." - someone who hasn't killed himself yet
i will annihilate all spoofs of me . i will take anyone who does spoofs of me or my beloved content to the court of criminal law.
if I download just ONe more app I will need an APP to keep track of my APPS!!!  #TheThursdayNiteRant
thinking i only have about 80000 more posts to read before i figure out the precise amount of sex that should be allowed in pepsi commercals
i rescind my 2009 tweet "bat man fucks joker", as i now understand, through the wisdom of age, that bat man adheres to a noble moral code
my blood glucose test strip unboxing video maintains a remarkable zero views despite me spending $8000 on Media courses #TheThursdayNiteRat
wife hall of Fame 
ass gas and grass. i love to drive my car for free
extremely getting a uti by usnig the same shirt i used to wipe my dogs mouth to wipe piss off of my dick
heres a good joke i just heard liborant equals deodoranf for liberals because they stink
Damn. the MomTown forums just started requiring 4 point Mom Verificaiton to be able to post there for some reason..anyone got a work around?
use coupon code "Do Harlenm Shake" to save 10% off your next Divorce
hey all . just learned about this new shit here, i think you will like it if you enjoy using the computer 
wearing my lab coat and analyzing an array of my own nudes in order to determine which one most effectively highlights my fatigued genitals
instead of fumbling around with a wallet i like to carry my cash and credit cards in a huge green trash bag bulging out of my shirt pocket
they should make web 2.0 slot machines that show the faces of your loved ones instead of shit like cherrys, the number 7, and the word "Bar"
im a pleased as punch spoon-fed bitch and thats a bottom line
hoping for that big promotion from mounted, tormented beast to rodeo clown
boys i need a full report on your Scalp Health by uhh 8pm or else ill go ape shit in the dms,
 Good Ass, Top Tier Content
worrying a lot about our geopolitical foes recording&amp; transcribing our military comms and its just 900 pages of "Permission To Jack Off Sir"
i just got an email asking me to join The Rat Pack. need to know if its real or not before i move to belarus to make textiles with my uncles
THinking of a "Boy's Day" of twitter..won't post specifics due to trolls, but basically all girls will nicely be asked to log out for 24hrs,
Im nthe new voice of the apu character from simpsons.  Im not as good at doing it as the last guy though.  Sorry
.@markZuckerburg twitter dms are broken agaain you ugly sack of stupid fucking shit. you incompetent  freak
if youre one of thoe waiters who carries the little scraper around , to the tables, to get the crumbs off it `` Kiss Da Back O' My Nuts ``
in retaliation for amazon accidentally charging me for 100,000 prison uniforms i will review each of them with the despised rating of 1 star
i am a simple country man who believes that hackers belong in jail #TheSaturdayMorningRamble
seeing the hospital workers dreessed in pajamas?? like "seriously?" im a sleepys mattress professional. id get killed for wearing that trash
thinking about how much higher we'd rank on the World Happiness Report if they said gamers should be allowed to be landowners, on the news
i had that dream abgain... the one where im at the coliseum, annihilating shitloads of roman gladiators by drifting around in my macktruck
"sour cream and onion" ?? thats a bunch of shit from the get go #TheThursdayNiteRant
pissing on top of my own throw up and saying a lot aobut society.......
half the posts these guys are making could perhaps be found in "Barney magazine" , or "Shit for babys magazine"
Used to be you could get on stage &amp; say stuff like "Tickle me elmo fucks" and people wiould shower you with praise. Standards are now higher
glue man here, poking in to this site. big glue guy. just seeking atlanta house wife, miss Right Lady,  to Glue me, to the glue
old screensaver: spinning 3d monolith with my wife on it new screensaver: marquee that says "Truck Month" regardless of what month it is
Heres my new opinion that my followers will absolutely hate and i will make $5000 from saying on the news . "Piss is a type of shit"
MY SHIT IS IN SHAMBLES, MY DICK IS IN DISARRAY, MY ASS IS ASUNDER, MY BALLS ARE BALLISTIC, MY CUM IS CONFOUNDED, MY PISS IS PITIFUL
taco bell is all too eager to implement fourthmeal BUT has yet to acknowledge Fourthgender.  the almighty dollar folks
This channel is dedicated the the beautiful smoking girls of Japan. These videos aim to capture the style and elegance of the Japanese girls
relaly hoping this election isnt a repeat of '04, when i got trapped in a brushpile and mistakenly voted for a bird
theres a popular nursery rhyme in which the singer claims to be a teapot. this, for many children, is their first experience with "Trolling"
indeed, i am Very Diapered right now, currently pairing a Pampers Cruiser with a quarter glass of Marcus Sinclair's Cape Cod November Ale
South Korea's 1 Million Buried Pigs Create Thriving Underground Society; Seek Unification With Hostile Surface Pigs
Kurnis
#e3rumors IM THAT HANDSOME FELLA LAYIN ON THE HOOD OF HIS LEXUS NEXT TO THE CONFERENCE HALL, STROKIN IT TO ALL THE RIFF-RAFF ABOUT THE PLACE
i can't tell you how many serious UFO vids i've seen ruined by the slow zoom out and reveal of a man jacking it
there is no football position known as "Sniper". ive been tricked by this load of crap
brixon brings another round of buffalo chicken bagels into the abandoned office, placing them next to last weeks rotten batch. solemn ritual
I shoudl not be expected to put my knee on the ground to propose to a woman, the same ground  where the animals shit,
Asthmatic Blogger Expo Ruiend By Very Dusty Man
there were 100 browser games in the 2000s where the goal was to become a Pimp by sending links to people, but thats jsut real life now
petrified 800 nubile women with mucus and the so-called great state of wyoming wont allow me to build a palace out of their bodies -- fuck u
ideally...Sleepys Mattress Professionals will get on board with printing "DRIL TWEETS" on-product, and pull both our brands out of the Abyss
if someone dressed in cclown makeup came up to me and asked to suck my dick, id naturally assume it's a troll,
Thomas Husband
how many pushups must I do in order to boost my wifi signal
im the man who got banned from the gym for trying to bring a mattress inside, and i have gotten significantly weaker since the incident
scorned Gamer invents a new color of face that is reportedly "Worse than blackface" -- Beyond Fucked - Theres Never seen anything like this.
Ohh!!! Im a fuck up!! My followers hate me!!  I'll never be good!!  What do I do?? What do I do??
"im the 1%" - a milk
goblin: im going to put up a post saying that the fake news is good, and that i like it more than i like the real news ME: not so fast bitch
hope to make this somehwat of a tradition: the "Show Us Your Turkey" event. i'd like to see your beautiful birds, on this thanksgiving day
Is Amaerica Ready For A Fat President
candidate gary johnson pledges to cut down on online clutter at pizza hut debate, cites rampant misuse of the #Yowza hashtag
number three.  i will never take the advice of my lawyers, my loved-ones, and colleagues to #StopThePosts
grandmom kicked me out of the house because she caught me waterboarding an extremely small man
i just bought an Oscar on the black market and im willing to give it to the first bbw to send me a pic of herself fisting ehr own mouth.
popular youtube user "LunchPhreak22" often enjoys "Phreaking" his lunches by poisoning them for the amusement of his viewers
PigPissClyde hid in a bush for 2 hrs and took secret photos of PigPissLou wiping bird shit off his windshield with a chipotle bag. Pure win,
some say if you show your ass to the hell mirror you will feel the icy finger of the reaper touch the back of your bals
"Yo. Lets get some owl tattos." - something a hipster has probably said once in the course of human history #DOUChe #jokeums #heteroBoyLords
getting smoked to crap by a big bomb bieng ridden by a man waving a cowboy hat around
fellas... you know i dont ask for much... but my fake US embassy in Ghana just got shut down and i dont know if i can make rent next month,
The Two Steaks Bastard . 
I Want The Duck Dynasty Boys To Crucify Me Upside-Down And Piss On Me Violently. I Want The Duck Dynasty Boys To Block My Useless Account
dropped a mouthful of spaghetti on my dick just now
5676083 » Stock Photo - African American businessman holding a pile of piggy banks isolated on white.
what is quickest way to get sprayed by a skunk in a discreet maner
due to the actions of bastards and human slime, my agent has advised me to deactivate my account for 18 hrs, to punish my disloyal followers
the entire time youre watching the movie 101 Dalmatians, youre just thinking, This is so many more dalmations than usual. It is just fucked
ive completed the first hour of my 2 day #NoPiss challenge. i am searching for media outlets who would like to document my struggle
the Economy is changing the way people think about Culture.....
DM-Girls ask why I seem cold. Distant, lately. The reason is This: My rivals obtained 3D models of my dick &amp; are now sending me dildos of it
my favorite angle to park my car at is 45 degrees. i call it "The Golden 45" and if you key the shit out of my doors i only become stronger
say what you will, but i truly believe that this man, this Adolf Hitler, was one of hte most buzzworthy racism-likers of the 20th centure.
just had all my postmate deliverys cancel on me because they caught me posting about cum on here
i am truly devastated to announce that DigimonOtis is in a coma after getting his arm trapped underneath a beatmania cabinet #PrayForOtis
The six things I could never do without: • . • gamer
affirmative action is pretty fucked up if u ask me. **produces and begins smoking a tube of Gogurt, the grab & go yogurt, like a cigar***
letting millionaires shit all over my house and piss on my pets for $0
im a bush-league yokel who should be put on the floor
pleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the Filipino israeli defense force, which i have recently been fooled into joining
i have it on good authority that kim jong il jacked off shortly before dying.  this devastating fact makes the pain of losing him even worse
id like to muse upon a scenario i came up with just now.  a DUMB ASS visits a restaurant, after reading a poor review of it in the newspaper
me and a couple of straight dudes are sharing this big bowl of wildberries in honor of davy jones the dead guy
obama and his crack team of nsa crooks watching me shit: "sir, he's scooting backwards so his dick doesn't touch the rim" "Thuis guy's good"
full investigation: bring me the man who threw a dildo on stage during my TEd talk. also the men who encouraged him by hooting and whistling
i murdered my wife my throwing her at a speeding cop car but its ok because i made her out of shit
huge amounts of vomitting hav.e, made me good at howling
This is more for the seasoned hookah smoker. 2 subscribers, a community for 2 months
i dont understand trash talk. i t think everyone should just agree with each other. it's easy
posing next to a jeep and handing out business cards at the high school i graduated from 8 years ago, explicitly stating i do NOT followback
is @subway really offering a 10% discount to all Muslims who apologize for the attacks... kind of messed up..
doing pretty good with thre posts today. might try to pound out a few more before sundown, but it remains to be seen if i will "Blow it"
soaking weekly circulars in my own blood and sending them back to Shop-Rite, to teach them a lesson about enticing my wife with bargains
MY 7 BOARDER COLLY'S ARE MY ANGEL AND IF THEY'RE NOT ALLOWED TO BE PRESENT AT THE OPERATING TABLE DURING MY LAP-BAND PROCEDURE I'LL DIE
cool news: if i sit a certain way my dick becomes convex #heeaja
reminder that if you jerk off tomorrow on christmas y ou are the bastard of earth.
if you come to this website for jokes, rather than Experiences, youre Fucking yourself
The wine imparts a foreign bitterness. How could he betray me? We were brothers. I fall to the ground. Execute a partial curl. One last rep.
i test all my tweets on lab animals and they hate them all. im an embarrassment to BRand Culture
every time you vermin talk shit of me, i flip my chair backwards at 900mph and bust through sevreal pane glass windows. Not so cool now huh.
always take my stagecoach full of pit bulls to the Range . because my girls love to watch me shoot
clown Ass. people have been treating me like dirt due to bernie bro dark money and you cant blame me for defending myself, and im no(41/66)
everyday i am harassed constantly by the phantoms of my own bullshit. my posts get me into trouble. please follow @Dril on twitter dot com.
U want more insight into "THe Process," u say? Look no further. 
i bet half the people posting "Ah!" on here dont even realize its an acronym for "Acknowledged Heartily"
one matrix pill is Pitbull Holocaust. the other is Pitbull Revolution. i wont say which is which because i dont want people to get mad at me
please stop posting unofficial crabby road strips. i a m sick of seeing our beloved maxine being used to denigrate the lord and our troops .
warming my nuts on your daily coffeecup
wife put me in the dog house agauin for failing to get the blue checkmark... and people ask me why im mgtow pua...
CollegeHater: Ur arms aren't getting enough sunlight CollegeHater: Did u use the cream I sent u CollegeHater: Ur dead.  At the flagpole. 3pm
all ladys need to shut off the god dam soap operas and put on the vids of me smoking a pipe that ive painted to look like a nascar
having you tube intellectuals explain to me how exactly humpty dumpty fucked up , and why he deserves to die
im an exhausting person to be around but once you get to knnow me im actually a giant shithead with irredeemable mouth
please don't try and tell me that schrodinger's diaper is a quantum superposition of clean and dirty states, we can all fucking smell it
log off., you piss covered reptiles, youre turning good bandwidth into shit
I support DigimonOtis and his right to purchase a synthetic cloaca , and I respect his decision not to fuck it.
im a journelist now. gi;ve me free monster engery or ill Eviscerate you
first they ignore you then they laugh at u then you jack off &amp; read posts for 30 years then you die of pulmonary heart disease  then you Win
thge concept of "forgiveness' is some stupid religious shit conceived to allow rich folks to beat the hell out of women #grammys #teambreezy
shit head with hog DNA takes cardboard pennzoil display hostage
I just got word that a disrespectful message towards Dr. Phil has hit Darknet.  Users are advised not to download the offending material.
i squat down, leaving a tiny, perfect marble of shit in the lobby of four seasons hotel in honolulu. i then contact my associate, James Bond
wasting other people;s Emotional Labor, by posting public screeds about the coming retribution of Lunchables Snack Packs
obama accuses romney of being unfunny, and too "Random". romney responds by saying obama'/s "Mad" and his page has too much anime shit on it
Thank you. Closure at last #tcot RT: @Mythbusters Adam and Jamie "Go Benghazi" in the all-new season premiere of Mythbusters, don't miss it!
me and Angus69 got rich geneticallly engineering bread with a cucumber.  me and Angus69 own a businss together.  i love Angus69
Hot Pockets Yanked From Shelves for Containing ‘Diseased and Unsound Animals’ #AreYouTheOne
concerned about people posting false lunches. lying about the food they ate on here. fraud meals. please start putting the receipts up
i shall say this only; ive ended peoples careers by reporting them for "Ironic" typos &amp; spelling errors., i do not give a shit. im a warrior
juust not in the mood for content today... not while my fellows are being hunted down in the street like dog 's just for preferring Blu Ray-
please stop calling my home with fucked up three stooges noises. my nine daughters no longer respect me after seeing me get mad at the phone
 im seeing some real good shit on this website today
when the doctor ask's you for a stool sample but you dont know how much he needs so you load up like an entire keg with turds "Just in case"
petition to move "6teen" to CN's [adult swim] block, because me & my friends love it, want to be taken seriously, and are like 60 years old
please Gustin, if youre out there, send me the rest of your Gothic Emblem Concepts for our Hell Van Project. It's been 8 months, Gustin
all new simposns this week.  theyre finally gonna tackle Tim Allen.  with guest star tim allen.  this ones tv 14 so watch out
massive, hulking gorilla of a man, compeltely covered in hair, lying on a mattress and jacking off to his one immaculate shaved leg
the real kennedy assassinaiton was when jamie kennedy was assassinated verbally by gamers for not taking his e3 appearance seriously enough.
going to prove once and for all that trolls are Bullshit by having a narcissistic meltdown on my tech humor wordpress &amp; logging off for 5hrs
maintainig one of the last serious accounts on this fucked up website is an emotional burden that could be likened to the trials of christ .
yes i am a "HO"  Honorable online
Where_Gogurt_Failed.txt
i dont care how good it feels.  i am not naming my child "compost fucker".  end of story
"The people who say i should get a life are the real ones who should get a life" - Hamdan bin Mohammed Al Maktoum , Crown Prince of Dubai
just plowing trhough the 7-11 double doors with extra wide samurai armour and dropping broken glass all over my Geta (下駄)
considering the insane amount of meds i woud need to become harvey weinsteins Lawyer without wanting to flip my $80000 car off the over pass
#AnimalTVShows ape fucker
every day, send one teen to iraq, and bring one truoop home to experience the hardship of teens life... #AnotherMansShoes
Geting my dick sucked in Unreal Engine 4. Flushing toilet in Unreal Engine 4. Having shit beat out of me by greasers in Unreal Engine 4. Wow
top 10 diapers annihilated by throwing axe Fuck sopa
every one wants to read my 200-page manifestos about how i refuse to make eye contact with my dentist, or "Get me a man who does both"
i do support the long display names so people can change them to things like "The Discourse Is a Hell Of A Drug!!" instead of an actua lname
hello 911 police? ?  yeah the official pf changs twitter account just unfollowed me. please put this message in the Files. thank u officer.
the first rate service at long horn steak house pittsburgh blasted my ass hole wide open, their dedicated waitstaff had me Nuts over Ass
i want to be responsible for getting carly rae jespen into cigarettes just so i can be sure she's taking a christian brand
the dickwolfs controversey.   Go  #worstpickuplines
man wearing nothting but socks doing back flip kicks into his tv because there are too many batman shows
some body please make the watson robot play halo.
satan has his filthy little hand in my google serach priority and now when people look up my username they get pictures of dead camels
kissing pictures of guns online is one of the most honorable ways to get strong
ive never heard of this "europe" but it sounds like a big bunch of shit to me
(crawling out of rocks in dystopian future where all the good posts have already been made) uehh.. im the big.. denim.. sock loop(??).. man
i want to tattoo ancient Runes onto a dolphin
my ass cheeks have two giant finger nails
exclusive footage obtained of Roger Ebert playing a sega and crying . we do nto forgive.  we do not forget.  this is Wikileaks.  expect us.
everytime windows updates youll find my dumb ass claiming that the user experience seems "smoother" now. you will beg me to shut the fuck up
uh oh... think I feel another BIEBBER RANT coming on !! #TheFamousBieberRant #MyBreadAndButter
FETID BOZO: Ahhh oil spills are bad WISE ADULT: the sun will evaporate the oil, &amp; the wheel of mother gaia spins goodly, As does all things,
haha get this, these people on the crisue boats that get stranded, they have to shit ON the boat, and sometimes they even touch the shit!!!!
CHEF: mon signor!! leaving the tails on the shrimp is good! it is tre bien ME: Im going to nuke you with live ammo. Im the guy from the crow
picture now, on this Warm Summer's Night, if all the "SWEARS" on this page were replaced with helpful links to mazda "Sign and Drive" events
im the guy in the incognito browser icon who jacks off wearing a trenchcoat and sunglasses
special thank you to that one guy who is really upset about some marco rubio incest joke i made on here and keeps sending me scary emails
The Moderation and Administrative Staff of the Star Fox Strategy and Technique Discussion Boards DOES NOt encourage its users to crank off,
there seems to be a Fucking mistake here sir, 
concerned about t he health of my followers, many of whom appear sickly and have chapped, unwashed elbows, stained with grime
dick fact no.77: my, dick is covered in clothes most of the time. this protects it from the elements as well as the gaze of my enemies
that picture of all the construction workers sitting on a steel beam eating lunch except its me &amp; the boys sitting on the floor at game stop
obliterating my illustrious career as "guy who assigns letter grades to southpark episodes" by begging girls to send me their dental records
The Most Wrongfully Unfollowed Account On Earth ....
Earth Wind and Diaper #NotARealJoke #WhatHaveIBecome
getting too big from steroids and smoking cigaretts in front of girls, walking around like a dumb ass, waddling like i got a log in my pants
the Ten click challenge, invented by buddihst monks to enhance Discipline , asks that we limit ourselves to click on only ten things per day
it is only natural that any reasonable human being would want to yell at my ass, but throwing spears at it is completely unnecessary
you walked across the entire great wall?? well one time i pushed my dick into my body with my thumb, got scared about halfway in and stopped
(sees a cop shoot somone) This is just like james bond (sees a war happen) This is like robo cop (sees a burning house) This is like top gun
excuse me?  did you just call me a " buff dude "?? The proper term is "Muscleman" , you piece of shit
yknow folks, not many things tell you theyre good right there in the name, so if you see things like Good Friday or Goodfellas i say Take It
"Kermit the Racist" by AdultCartoonFTW (182,727 views)
the floor of the new york stock exchange breathlessly awaiting MetalGearEric's review of the BK Rodeo Whopper before erupting in chaos
i am being targetted by a shadow campaign just because i cured my own diarhrea by exercising instead of taking "PILLS"
COMPUTER.. FED EX ME A PRINT OUT OF ALL MY GIRL FOLLOWERS SORTED BY THEIR DEVOTION TO CHRIST COMPUTER... GET ME THE BULE CHECK MARK A.S.A.P.
evvery other Friday the sheriff guides me around the jailhouse and lets me expose myself to the villains, and thats #MyTGIF
Beware of the group of hauntingly beautiful Latinoes who will post nonsense on your vlog and hypnotize U into bowing before htier coward god
hollering man still causing mischief at supercuts. theyll never attempt to turn your dog into a cat just by giving it a haircut, get over it
absolutely nuking my dick into 1000000 pieces with one of those wile e coyote tnt plungers
LAUGHING AT THE VERY IDEA OF THIS MYTHIC "POLICE MAN" WHO SUPPOSEDLY HAS THE ABILITY TO STOP ME FROM RIPPIN UP CRAB LEGS ON THE CHURCH FLOOR
i thjink i'd know the difference between Satan and a noisy washing machine with "666" spraypainted on the side
Just saw it on CNN: Thyere coming out with a new batman #NewBatman
Mountan Dew Cold Red check it out
justl had to unfollow about six people for tweeting during the official Beggin Strips Moment of Silent Reflection
NETWORKING IN HOME MARKETS SUCCESS SEMINAR HOSTED BY JAMES BOND HIMSELF? OH YEAH. IM IN. BUT IM GOING TO NEED YOU TO DRIVE ME THERE
when i see shit on the news saying we lost 50000 jobs for w/e reason, i say damn... i couldve scored some of those jobs, if they werent Lost
BURY ME WITH MY ASS.........
bougt a bottle of "liquid ass" to teach my stepdad a lesson but i consumed the entire bottle by mistake. now i drink "liqiud ass" on the reg
im proud to preface all of my tweets with the montra of "If you dont like it, Then simply unfollow" thats the bread and butter of my acount
new twitter feature allows you to disregard mny posts, please click the trash can next to my name to prevent me from ruining your home page
thinking of some new provocative poses and gestures i can use at the local drive in movie theater to get my ass kicked more efficiently
lets see if that Awful Groundhog can predict six weeks of Electro House blaring directly into its shity cage
do the " Macarana "? Ha. No thanks
SUCJK MY DICK 
MMORPG (massive multiplayer online roleplayig game), FPS (first person shooter), RTS (real time strategy), T2DF ( tactical 2d dragon fucker)
best 90s memory is gathering around the old oak tree with the boys and passing around trading cards featuring all of our dads #DamnGood90s
trapped, fully nude, in restaurant bathroom. boss &amp; his wife will be here in 10mins. trying to see if i can make a tuxedo out of tolet paper
youtube guy does magic tricks for an ape, and someone in the comments says magic is actually harmful to apes. well, fuck this shit, then !!
taking the lords name in vein... #inspire 
- its not clever to show pictures of me morphing into a dog - its not funny - it odes not introduce Beauty into the world
Nmot a single one of you has given me your account password so i can make posts about top airfare deals on your behalf, especially the girls
cant wiat to see what devilish thanksgiving scenarios me and the boys of twitter can conjure up. "The turkey was taken by spiders? ? Whua??"
i f you see a burlap sack hanging off of an overpass with a dick sticking ot of it thats me trying to fuck hurricane sandy
extremmely turned on by Fav Denial , heavily worked up by women declining to fav my posts
 my life will soon become this #SEAvsSF
Well, it'd better damn friday
i can tell how beautiful a man`s soul is by putting both of my hands on the hood of his car and thrashing my neck around to awaken  god
reading 70 iq posts about how bullying ghislaine maxwell makes us no better than the bad guy from the x-man movie and just nodding intensely
Grand "Ayatollah" Montazeri found dead on bathroom floor, among playing cards and discarded insurance brochures with conspicuous tooth marks
mister one million dollars 
Kathleen Turner will star for director Herb Ross at MGM in the comedy feature "Cloak and Diaper,'' a Michael Lobell-Andrew Bergman productio
sucking on the same big piece of bread for hours and hours ,.
might get really into chewing tobacco for some reason.  might start calling it "Tobaccy" .  Fuck you
Dont like the posts ? Goto WWW . KILL MY ASS DEAD . COM...
people pay good money to stamp your mail. if you refuse to take the time to thoroughly digest every piece of mail you receive, you are a Cur
sometimes i feel like im the only person on the whole damn computer who understands the concept of Honour
i will be at bradlees dept store promoting my new line of mustards for the next 16 hrs and I ask that nobody tries to assassinate me please
when scientiologist guys talk about LRH they are talking about "lee roy hjenkins" .  #GamersKnow  #oddballHumour
i believe we gotta push forward and afford dynamic, web based Content the exact same dignities and legal rights as Human Life
wasup babe., im a normal person. *walks on down to next girl* Wassup babe, im a normel person . *moseys over to another lady* wasup babe, im
a sterling silver olympic trophy filled with piss labeled "My Death"
I'm Sgt. General James Bond. My mission is to collect guns and gather intel on the unimaginably fucked up drugs known as Cocaine &amp; Marijuana
neo pets cinematic universe
9/30/10 - CONTENTS OF DIAPER - THE USUAL; SHIT 'N' PISS--  1 EGG I LAYED
.@girl I Wanna Rub Ur Belley
youve enntered the page of The Master 
Only if U Find The Forum For Disabled People Calle d 3DWorldz ANd U Have Fun. — 
this guys losin his mind.  theres just so much quality shit on here 
parking garage conquered by disgusting man covered in vaseline
im a 51 yr old man who doesnt know how to wash him self, abnd i love the attention, and i love making ignorant people mad, and im crazy cool
I have decided to officially unfollow "@Budweiser", on account of their complete lack of original, informative, or compelling content.
I TAKE BACK EVERY KIND THING I'VE SAID ABOUT THE GIRLS ON HERE ! SHALLOW AND CRUEL ! HEART LESS DEVILS ! MANIPULATING MY POSTS &amp; TRICKING ME
a pig and a dog are married, ending islam forever
please check out my devastating one-man takedown of the thanksgiving day parade, which was given a PG rating by the MPAA due to " sarcasm".
spent the last 14weeks creating enigmatic rock formations to distract cops while i pump all the fresh produce in town full of anabolic roids
fifty two year old mamn hides underneath a tarp at work and jacks off to the same cartoon characters he did when he was thirty years younger
im somewhat a bit of an expert on *looks around cautiously* girls, as i have convinced many of them to beat the shit out of me on craig list
boy's in summertime... 
i love to use fists, poison spray,  or gun agaisnt the citizens, depending on how mad i am
BibleReader666
Jsut arranged an 8-count box of pop tarts to be sent to a girls house. Looking forward to explaining to her how to prepare them
Mohammad Muhamad, King Of Islam, Cahugt Counterfeiting Some Cool Dunham Specials On 3D Bluray; Sentenced To Be Hung By The Penuis Until Dead
claiming reserved table for "uncle clean jeans."  not on the list?  hmm.  what about "big uncle clean jeans." no? shit. try "kurt." ok ggood
cameras are off now. everyones diapers are frozen to each other and 1000 us marines are now separating them all with swords. horrible scene
blocked. blocked. blocked. youre all blocked. none of you are free of sin
remembering the anguiush the girls had caused me when they said it was good to have "Dadbod"
two lives? this is fuckinh barbaric 
today, the mythbusters destroy the "myth" of american exceptionalism by heroically firing a cannonball through dublin, california
UNITED NATIONS: ah!! please help us! we need just a normal man's opinion!! we got you a seat ME: How'm I to trust you, while God is bleeding
putting the vacuum on my dick until I stop hearing crumbs go down the tube
i flash my pistol and hand a note to the cashier at Wendy's.  the note reads as follows:  "I Want A GF With Bat Wings"
someone please verify rumor that petsmart is turning all animals loose (lizards snakes rats dogs) because of the scoundrel obama care
there needs to be a "BRexit" for people Who still be watching Teletubbys
hyj 
i was uninvited from the oscars for trying to sell "oscars brand bear bile" to everyone who stopped their car for me while i fake hitchhiked
Ive decided to not be a part of asexual anymore after receiving a call from my agent orderring me to stand down
Buffalo wild wing gets $0 tip for serving "Bones" to me in chicken, if i had wanted to eat bones i would take my Ass to the grave yard
DisgruntledStepSon
waiting the customary 20 minutes after someone in the group dm says one of their pets died before posting a picture of sponge bob Nutting
christ. just dreamt that dietpepsi of antileaks obtained the chaos element, came on to my online page &amp; made a mess of my literature. my god
finally obtained a copy of the show thats making eveyone mad, dont see the big problem honestly 
how do people know how big their dicks are. is there an online quiz you can take
very concerned about celeb s
to the pyramid on the $1 bill calling itself the "all seeing eye" Fuck you. the only thing you can see from my wallet is the jeans of my ass
SickFuck Productions
handsome 
"Litter Box Fucker" AUDIENCE: (LAughing already) WORKING CLASS JOE: Im going to fuck the litter box now. AUDIENCE: AWuooo! Hoo hoo!
My friends love disapppointing me with whips
#threewordsforyou starwars is my ass and toilet
i receive a generous amount of funds from the US government, as they believe that my good tweets are an effectuive deterrent to masturbation
Duur!! Thanks for clown baiting me. Idiot 
*rotates earth 13 degrees* WHich zodiac sign are u now??  *rotates earth 27 degrees* NOW what one are u?? *rotates earth 2 degre* Fucker
(girl tells me shes sick) aahh that sucks so much. you can come over &amp; have some of my mens one a day vitamins. probably works on girls too,
posting LIVE from a resort in the Dominican Republic, getting blasted in the face from all directions with pesticides, lips flapping around
cant wait to hurl them  at my foes 
ive narrowed it down to the church of scientology &amp; the united states marines. whichever one allows me to jerk off more wins the tiebreaker
fellas. do n't forget to do something special for that lady in your life on valentine's day! none of you deserve love 
the fact is, my children are going to see people wearing Jeans on television, in the movies, and other media.  how do i explain that to them
im about to loose my shit if my feed doesnt slow down with th fucking posts.  nobody could possibly read this fast. this is a travesty
im the guy who gets really upset about people not putting their real names on here. im also mad at State Farm Insurance for not being a farm
#THeSaturdayMorningRamble sometimes when you get caught in traffic you just wanna get pissed off
fairly confident that even if i became a rat some how, i still would not want to fuck any of the other rats
lets piSS UP A TOWN!! Everoryone reading this, lets all choose one small town randomly and publicly urinate all over it. Combine our piss
a blank one
i refuse to partake in any hot black friday deals today out of respect for all the dead folks on the benghazi strip #shopping #deals #prayer
my old phys ed teacher let`s me kiss his cpr dummy for $15 a pop and that'[s why im more mature than most of people on this fucking web site
As A Business Man, I Cannot Relate To Sexual-Minded People, However THis So-Called Curse Undoubtedly FIRES UP My Award Winning Content
i feel like getting shot would;nt be that bad if you knew how to properly "body spin " away from the bullet or slap it away with your hand
ive started bowing my head and saying grace before reading each post on here... "thank you." "thank you for the posts." that sort of thing,
hah. i just read the entire bible and i'm still a lost., confused idiot. nice try, God. #BIbleFails
being in full control of tthe shit that shows up on my computer monitor makes me feel like a sort of twisted conductor. .. or perhaps,  God.
the epic shit of 2017; is the boys getting TheSegaPimp fired from his job at The Red Cross for not wishing me a "Happy Halloween"
BLATHERING SHITE: the Dems VP Pick should be subway;s own Jared ME: That man is in jail. Have you done any research prior to this discussion
ass someone who owns BOTH next gen consoles, as a actual murderer with every halo displayed on my mantle, i've the final word of gamer gate,
im the model that the Bobs Big Boy Big Boy Restaurant Man is based on.  They forgot to pay me #worstpickuplines
Wife says i should shit in the yard until the toilets fixed. Itll be ok if i cover myself in a tarp. But i want to shit in the broken toilet
Turner classic Homegoods
absolutely read some of my god damn tweets while opening gifts with loved ones at the tree tomorrow &amp; bring CULUTRE to this ass of a holiday
never subject yourself to the humiliation of using a public spittoon again- simply spit into your diaper, and USER HAS BEEN BANNED FROM TWIT
changing my display name to "Richerd Simmons" as an april fools prank and inducing dissociative Psychosis on millions of on-line people
yo Aesop... these fuckin "fables" of yours? Not up to snuff. Some weak fables over here. Go back to writing college. #TheThursdayNiteRant
HOW MUCH IS $500 IN DOG YEARS
YES.  I AM THE HARD ROCK CAFE.  YES.  I DID ORDER 18 "ROCKABILLY URINALS".  JUST PILE THEM UP OUTSIDE OF MY CRIME BASE-- ER I MEAN VAN
As Sure As I Have An IQ of " 65 " I Will Never Not Address A Presidential Candidate As " SIR " NO MATTER THE POLITICS OF IT !!
fuh..just unfollowed about 900 people on here. Feel as thogugh ive matured a lot in my time on this site &amp; expect a higher grade of content.
always looking for exicting new up and comers in the realm of breathtaking digital online content to block
you little online fucks who sit in mammas basement and finger your puds cannot conceive of the #HELL that is pushing fresh, invigorating SEO
getting pecked by birds like a dick head
i will show my penis because i do not want to host the Oscars, as you see, i will be busy that night, watching the Oscars.
ah, So u persecute Jared Fogle just because he has different beliefs? Do Tell. (girls get mad at me) Sorry. Im sorry. Im trying to remove it
a reasonable compromise, would be to let the ISPs track our Gaming &amp; reward more net neutraility to guys who get the most headshots &amp; combos
some times.. the smartest people you know, are Geniuses
rubbinb hand sanitizer all over my loud mouthed pet birds
ah ! your feeds going to blowup! loug out, quick!! 
need someone in or around geigertown, philadelphia to help me dispose of approx 7500 live guinea pigs. i can not pay you, i will not pay you
either my chris farley summoning ritual was a success or a Fucking owl got in here again.  wherres that god damn light switch
i pin a nerd up against the wall and sink my fist into his stomach.  "thats for retweeting me" i strike again. "and THATs for faving me"
nneed the emoji to be the size of an actual mans head on my screen please. to suspend disbelief 
the most fucked up thing saddam hussein ever did was eat doritos in jail
im just a Hispanic male who loves looking at pictures of bluejeans. i have a tough road ahead and a long ways 2 go in my life
if heading to the gym and muscleshaming all the sweatnerds aint your idea of a good time then im afraid you are a waste of a daughter
due to timezone discrepancies i request a motion that all pictures of food in group dm be referred to as "Lunch pics", even if theyre dinner
please stop adding flintstone chewable vitamin commercials to the episode list. they are not real flintstone episodes.
"cleveland rocks " is not actually sung by drew carey.  end this fucking lie
spending my entire police shift downloading apps where you smear simulated dog shit all ovefr the screen and becoming completely a dumb ass
meat loaf just ordered the venue to keep the lights on the audience so he can see if any trolls have infiltrated his show
Ah!! Ah! once again, the flap-jawed trolls have deliberately misinterpreted my constant attempts to get a girl friend on here as " Sexual "
purchased a cage full of rats in the hope that infusing my home with New Life will fire up my posts a nd score me the Bertucci's deal. amen
The New Ironic™
if you don't know how to use a Lathe you deserve to eat dog shit
"all hail the PrankMAster, the King of Cranks", scrawled onto the wall next to my blue corpse and a rescue inhaler filled with tabasco sauce
sometimes i wish my ass would be destroyed by a meteor just so i wouldn't have to take shits anymore
the show, "Hee-Haw, " sucks mother fucking ass
there are dead guys with verified accounts, yet i am barred from consideration due to the actoins of my enemies, or "Haters", on this page .
Shut the fuck up 
i will nbe referring to a certain soda brand as "p*psi" until i receive the $16 they owe me for years of aggressive social content strategy
#why90srocked everyothing was more real.  everythig more visceral.  a more 'human' experience.  i was also 200 pounds less fat
good to online shop 
took some pics of my new satellite dish, but im not posting them until hatred annd cynicism are eradicated
ive been sititng in buffalo wild wings for 3 hrs now, refusing to speak with the waiter because of his vile dry lips. i will win this battle
wish Obama would authorize some drone strikes against my ex-wife! *the act takes a more serious tone* Instead of doing Benghazi.
ME: when committing to a project like "the 12 days", you are forced to bear your soul to countless vicious cannibals GQ: crhist. its true
I shall perform no new downloads , until this wolrd and the people of it can post along side each other in Harmony, I shall download no more
my name is steve jobs. i am a successful ceo in charrge of the apple corporation. #Joke
university lost accreditation when nickelodeon slimed the dean, degree is useless, 200000 in debt &amp; back in diapers, love getting ass kicked
(insufferably) It's pronounced. "Bloomin Onion." The 'g' is silent.
never mind they just found the post where i said i put on black face and started chasing cars around
crawling around on the kitchen floor like a fucking dick head and filming my own "Beggin Strips" commercials
i love to do bare knuckle brawls and my garage is adorned with various pornos
.@KonamiCodeKnower i know yorure online. i know you've been stealing handfuls of gravel from my driveway and hiding them in your big shirt
i'm pepsi rep kevin and we need $12m kickstarter dollars to make a pepsi commercial in true 8 Bit. lets show this new pope what were made of
"I love the name of honor, more than I fear death." -me to my boss after he found a picture of me with a big shit stain on my sweatpants
waving flags, honking horns, trying to coax the kfc golem into shitting all over my mouth and my picnic
after careful consideration, ive decided to fuck the green m&amp;m because they made it look like a girl. i would not fuck the red or yellow m&amp;m
i know how to get on all my favorite site`s.
calling my wife, screeching, telling her theres a bomb in the computer so she wont log on &amp; see ChronoAzusa's post calling me a girl Replier
Cynical zombie nerd.  Diabetic meme dynamo.  Country gal.  Mustard guru.  Unrepentant photo blogger.  Bacon dipshit.  Entrepreneur.  Goalie.
if you work with compute,r, if you know Code, if you do Code, please, please design a hot tub app that i can use in the hot tub
what if "DONALD TRUMP" was the ceo of NetFlix? I think itd go a little something like this...! (gestures racistly) What a world What a world
choking myself on the toilet for Likes
Food $200 Data $150 Rent $800 Candles $3,600 Utility $150 someone who is good at the economy please help me budget this. my family is dying
wondering at what age my domesticated rat terrier is supposed to "Graduate" and move out of my house
id love to do some posts on here
should go without saying but, if they show j. bezos penis on the news i will postpone the showing of my penis, to avoid confusing followers.
(ass sticking out of pants spraying poison everywhere whlie i step towards the podium to apologize to the press) Ah Shit. I forgot my notes,
if my bank balance is below $100 i will refuse to vote.  if it is over $100 i will vote for whichever candidate has the best "Ground game"
a fuckin.. rat eating a slice of pizza?? damn,. the guy who filmed this must have gbeen smoking weed.
what happens when kirby swallows the qur'an and is granted its considerable power. my 81 chapter fanfic explores this issue -- and more
Ive read so many posts about how to be nice on here, its no wonder that I make such a good living as the CEO of the New York Times .
people keep replying to my posts accusing me of not knowing what True Pain is. possible computer bug???
genderless milf`s
winner of this year's prom theme is "shit to israel", with a grand total of 2 votes
lknow what pisses me off??  people who drink milk and spit the milk back into their glasses while making a smug expression. also teenage .
as this website's foremost broken human being, id like to annoucne that oysters make me mad now, for some reason
im going to prank call a bunch of moms in my latest collaboration with MTV Japan
i refuse to go to work until sex is eliminated. are we still doing the sex strike jokes. well thats my one
i know times are tough but rtry to give a Like and retweet to my posts if you are able to.  if not, thats ok also. Fuck you
All Young Men Must Own A Spittoon At Some Point In Their Lives
did u know its poss. to get harlequin ichthyosis in just ur dick.  i do
jamie kennedy WILL be waterboarded at the spike tv VGAs in order to prove once and for all that it isnt torture and that iraqis are pu$$ys
 shocking expos%nbsp(5.  lets see big gov. sweep this one under the ruck.
"oh its so easy to og after david Koch now that hes dead" "its so Edgy &amp; Brave to get his ass now that he cnat send his assassins after you"
digimonotis thought octomom was the bad guy in spider man 2
I Have beatten a game of solitare after having to restart only 26 times. I am a magnificent gamer prince
billions of people are shitting and pissing everyday. it's too many. it';s poisoning the earth. consult your laywer before using the toilet
it takes fewer muscles to smile than it does to break a baseball bat across the back of my fat neck
Im going to try posting like that now
i just got word from cigarnet that the government has a secret vault full of #GUNS
tthis asshole brought home a tekken lanyard with "Phil" written on it in magic marker and wants to use it with the keys to his new buick .
i have been carrying my prophet mohammed body pillow everywhere since i was 14 and i will never forgive the coyote who yanked it off of me
i would rather go fuck my self than read one more post on the bird websitw
"Durr michelob ulta would taste the same if it had a turd in it" -Suppressive Persons with little on their mind but mischief and mayhem
behead those who insult the prophet muhammad?? haha wow. holy moly.  "Thats ur opinion man." -the dube.
Im Very Upset with girls *impossibly low-res bikini babe robo-posting about heartworm meds follows me* Just kidding. Im only mad at the boys
bond theme plays while super spy & ladys man James Bond wanders around the forest with a magnifying glass, searching for the cure for autism
im a monk in real life, the matrix is real and hummingbirds and other really fast animals are proof positive that bullet time eixists
i am developing a ground brekaing new app called "MOneyWallet", where you earn "Money Points" by mailing cash to my house
my agent said i'm not allowed to post in all caps anymore so i threw all of his award-winning birdhouses into the fucking driveway
im a fruad. i wear the wrangler jeans despite never having wrangled a single goddamn thing in my life
WHAT DO WE WANT "Memes" WHEN DO WE WANT IT "Instead of regular jokes"
as an asmerican citizen i am entitled to the spookiest halloweens possible as required by the constitution of the united states
the Police have stated that rubber neckers and looky loos trying to sneak a peek at the irradiated diaper on 295 will be blasted with poison
Clipart Pig Angel In Prayer - Royalty Free Vector Illustration
i just found The Dos Equis Most Interesting Man In The Worl'ds deviant art account.  he draws his own jeff dunham puppets
xmas hual 2011: can of paste, novel based on "little fockers", Oprah Crystals, fucken mmeat ball sandwich, a fuckin $2.50 slice-a pound cake
they should invent a new Danimal , mayvbe one that people might actually fucking want to associate with yogurt products for once
CLERK: Do you have your reward card ME: Absolutely I do not. I shan't be taking money out of the hands of Best Buy using insidious exploits.
your damn right 
please pray for the safety and health of my beautiful child, supreme leader kim jong-un
if any of you have any tips or tricks about how to make the queen ant shit ant honey into my mouth, email me at LongLegsGustin@bisquick.com
the family gathers around the PC to run a google image search for "invader zim crying"
yes i still believe the idea of wingstop was STOLEN from game stop. my evidence? its called reality
AUNT: We will miss our Guinea Pig "Charlie" who had to be put down today ME: NAtural Selection At Work. COUSIN: I will fucking rout your ass
Rats Are Life Facebook
Reason For Ban : Unfairly denigrating the SuperPretzel™ brand.  //  Date Ban Will Be Lifted : Never
.@Hair The cashier stood motionless, facing away from me while I attempted to purchase hair from your establishment in Galveston, TX. #Prank
i have still not ruled out the possibility that the jellyfish i stepped on while collecting seashells at the beach was a False Flag
deleted the tweet where i said that homer simpson is allowed to show his penis in the japanese version and im allowed to work at kmart again
 God Is Real
a mother bird tends to her young until my big sweatpants ass slowly pushes her nest off of the tree
Shut the fuck up .  Christ 
mystical truth Teller 
Girls are my wife constantly
for $0.39 extra the burger king man will write "yu-gi-oh" on your hamburger in magic marker
Monsanto Yes #MonsantoYes
boycot 
i know thiis isnt the popular circle jerk opinion,  but people who swear while speaking to the 911 operator are gross
i'll just call every opinion i don't like a "Circle Jerk". i'll dominate everyone
(bored in apartment on two week administrative leave after nuking a 14 year old girl with a napalm launcher) THIS FUCKIN SUX !!!!!
Love To Scrimp, Hate To Save #TheFinalWordOfIt
THE TWIITTER DOT COM PROCESS: THROW PIECES OF SHIT AT THE WALL UNTIL SOMETHING STICKS, EXCEPT INSTEAD OF A WALL IT IS A LARGER PIECE OF SHIT
wearing electric bra in defiance of #NoBraDay my filthy bean bags getting absolutely smoked by radio sound attacksat the cuban embassy
the girls on this site constantly beg me to show them a picture of the clothes i wear while posting.  this is them. 
it's that time of the year when my father sends me pictures of jails and tells me that i must learn to Respect a good barbecue dry rub
I WILL NEVER "PIMP"
today TekkenChauncey claimed that spiders make their webs out of cum and that makes them Gay so i destroyed his mame cabinet with my boots
once more for the mother fuckers in the back... Not All People Who Work At Carnival Dunk Tanks Are Clowns.
ME: Basiclaly its just a joke we do where whoever says hes El Chapo the most wins COP: Thats not what a joke is ME: Well its good either way
GagBlog.Eu // 12 Most Awkward Honor Killings // The Ten Beer Commandments // Sex Mom Debunks LIBOR Scandal // GagBlog.Eu
anyone else catch " MR. PRE$IDENT " applying nail polish during the debate????  nbullshit.  highly unpresidential
my living room has more remote controls in it than NASA. its like you gotta be an astronaut just to watch the ball game #TheThursdayNiteRant
i ruminate over a scrapbook full of middle finger pics to keep myself demure, respectful and humble. "i deserve these", i utter shitheadedly
if Ur not retweeting or other wise liking all this good shit SC Johnson A Family Company is posting i got 2 words for U and that is Fuck you
now that all of my last-gen hardware is completely obscured by Animal shit , #e3 2014 may officially begin
i love coming on here every day to interact with a growing network of "CON MEN" and "IMBECILES"
FULLY PREPARED TO TAKE A HIT IN THE OLD FOLLOWER COUNT TO BECOME AN ALL CAPS, ALL BOND ACCOUNT. LIVE THE DREAM. PURGE THOSE BOZOS
bashing my skull against the steering wheel while screaming in my car for an hour; then coming on here pretending to be a Mental Health Guru
my q uote of the season "Its almost summer time so lets hop in the pool"
Id like to sincerely apologize for being a beady eyed little fuck-freak.  Im hell's shit. Im dog shit's ass. Brand me with a hot iron. Sorry
Waiiter, i have not received my Farm Fresh olives, and my steak is far too Unctuous. Please tell the chef to go back to 9 gag.
#threewordsforyou lucasarts is my ass and toilet
please do not send any pictures of your legs to LegNut64.  he is not a real leg cop
there's currently an image of an unidentified nude man making the rounds on several online circuits. please beware
i look very handmsome in my bow tie and suspenders, holding a big red balloon
havent gotten any sleep since group dm split off into like 3 separate factions because XenoMarcus said metalGearEric's chili looks like shit
#ff @UrineFREE @starwarsman @Blogboi2292 @Diabetes666 @SonictheEduardo @PrimoHoagies @NetworkMan @fanjustthe @tigerwoodsjokes @depresed @toe
powerful vision: the fox nfl robot stops dancing for a moment &amp; collapses. from its body emerges a Nude African American Male, finally free,
indeed, god is starting another great flood but this time he wants the ark filled with a shitload of monster and red bull instead of animals
wish that for one day, for just one day, that i may live in RAT'S WORLD ...
im near certain there is a hotly contested tug-of-war between fox executives upon the issue of whether or not homer simpson can show his ass
i have been sitting in my computer chair repeating to myself the phrase "The god father of posts" for the past 9 hours .
I'll nmever click on anything. Never
the twilight zone episode where the guy blocks everyone on twitter and becomes startled and bewildered when no one is left to give him favs,
maybe when hte myth buster finally decide to tackle blood diamond slavery, maybe THEN ill bother to tivo their shitty show.
YO *points to spinal cord on brain diagram* THATS THE BRAIN;S DICK
(pitching the Michelin Man) hes this big white dipshit and people associate him with tires for some reason. he has no personality. no jokes
flashing the coupon that allows me to shit in the kfc employee restroom, like a police badge, as i vault my big ass over the counter
bet yoyu think youd never find a mother fucker like me at a primarily Black church. but i like to go,.. just to Smile.. bask in the Energy..
"Reading your posts has made me a better person."  Thank yo u.  A lot of people tell me that,
(11yr old Jack Droseys head pulled out of toilet)it bears repeating that 'Likes' are not conducive to my vision, and th(gets dunked again)
 icant believe this is happening
just because im following yiou on here doesn't mean im obligated to read your fucking posts, or like you, or marry you and be happy forever,
please, g od.  join my movement to build a pure, randian community on top of the pacific garbage patch
im auditioning for holly wood
i have moved all of my bitcoins directly into my brain for safekeeping until all this nutso crap blows over
this shit sucks so much shit, this is Hell, 
"POWER BIEBER" - my final words on death bed
just enjoying a noticable uptick in Favs and Followeres ever since my sworn enemy, Osama bin Laden, was brutally murdered in his rumpus room
somebody send me .xml file detailing the satanic rituals that Abercrombie and Fitch CEO Mike Jeffries employs to retain his eternal beauty
I;ve looked at the facts. Hell im looking at the facts right now.
#ghettospellingbee spell Ownage C-A-R-L-O-S-M-E-N-C-I-A (rip)
im little jesica.  im dying because of obamas help care bill.  im on my death bed and the doctor is ignoring me because my dady works hard
sorry to all crooks, hucksters, cronies, and phonies... but in this, our year of 2016, police man is sitll king, and the jail, his Kingdom !
i was recently forced to sell my eyebrows to a cancer patient just so i could afford a string to tie my broken skull togehter #freemarket
just got word that because the extensive water damage present o n my balls and part of my ass, i am no longer allowed to vote
im a marine &amp; accomplished scholar. my sons were alchemized into helicopter fuel to serve their armed brothers. how dare u post penis to me.
surprised that nobody here had ever used the phrase "pissed on execution style" unttil i described my poor customer experience at hhgregg
agreed, 
"just Genius shit ." - Thugwanker
#MyDreamCarWouldHave a big ass i could fuck
#ufc101 Get Big
in 1998 donald j. trump sr taught me how to use a Scythe and it sickens me to see people besmirch his good name
if all the girls and women in this town want to secretly film me taking a huge piss, then that's their right and god bless em
wacky sitcom premise where i accidentally arrange to get my ass kicked and have my dick sucked in the same parking lot
long horn steakhouse should not refuse to honor my coupons just because theyre wet 
the Iranian parliament holding an assembly to watch the dance scene from Son of the Mask on a poor quality vhs tape and screaming at it
BACK OFF CAPS COP THIS IS TOO IMPORTANT FOR LOWERCASE
this aint the damn barney channel 
IN HEAVEN, ALL THE VANITY LICENSE PLATES & COWBOY BOOTS U EVER OWNED ARE STRUNG UP BEHIND YOUR LEGS 4EVER, CLACKIN BEHIND U EVRY STEP U TAKE
i;m selling my piss and shit back to the grid
ai which flawlessly simulates keys being jingled offers unlimited joy to infants and persistent vegetative twitter power users
groundhog sees a nude mans gyrating ass instead of shadow, predicting 6 weeks of erupting yellowstone supervolcano
laying in the car, hiding firom my malicious Wife because im in trouble for buying too many toothpicks to fit into the tooth pick holder
memes of the antarctic
Every Time I read a new Tweet on my time line. My IQ increases by One Point.
game'sfully employed 
Shut the fuck up abuot Greece
how is it even - possible, -  to remain Muscled in this black world -             - pain is god and im Her disciple.  tron: legacy -
special Treat for all my prety lady followers.... 
just wasted an entire afternoon at the court house trying to copyright th e phrase "Trump look like a uncle"
"Hwhoo!! That's a lot of zeroes" - me after seeing the amount of money of $12.00
im sorry for claiming i was going to "flip the script" on dry rub barbeque. that was wildly irresponsible of me
"Daniel Joerger" gave the Adult Dunce Cap a 1/5 star review on February 20th, 2013, saying it was "Junk" and "Not worth what I paid for it".
everyone needs something worth dying for..mine just happens to be the japanese racist version of the wazzup ad
"jamie lee curtis" #signedtoyoungmoney
i find the private dm chats are an excellent place to "Workshop" my meltdowns &amp; personal attacks against others, before making them public,
AVATAR didnt win enough oscars, please supporrt independent film maker james cameron b y cutting your oscar statue in half (if you have one)
 you will never defeat me mother fucker
In 1998 I Encountered What I Blieved 2 Be A Malicious Presence.I Poped My Tony Hawk Dsk In2 My PSX And Let Loose With Da Best Moves. It died
thinking about taking some of the excess respect I have for our Fallen Heroes and converting it in to Cold Hard Cash
a bunch of cops knock my colostomy bag on the floor and begin stepping on it with high heeled shoes while i jack off and ask them to stop it
ZUMBA IS NOT FOR MOMS!!  ZUMBA IS NOT FOR MOMS!!  ZUMBA IS NOT FOR MOMS!!  STOP STEALING MY FRIENDS I WANT TO LIVE MY LIFE
justin beieber  u SUX and your getting wrinkley old and gross.  your a wreck and trash.  fucking pig.  fucking worm.  hell is real  #bieber
1/29/18:  i do not want to think about or look at the word "Tater Tots"
foghorn leghorn argentino unofficial
WEL DESPITE FREE SPCH LAWS IM STIL NOT ALOUD TO PRACTICE SARGING TECHNIQ ON UGLY WMEN AT PETSMART - I AM SO TORN UP OVER THIS - SOM1 CALL ME
Seve jobs, bill gates, and Albert Einstein sitting at a table, enjoying a glass of Single Oak Barrel Whiskey , While i watch and smile.
YOU TUBE POOP VERSION OF WIKILEAKS' "COLLATERAL MURDER" AVAIBLE ON I TUNES..............
my spinning 3d head rises from a dumpster full of discarded shrimp who were born fucked up by the bp oil spill. eeyaaghhHHH!!! im ALIVE baby
the fact i still post here despite people sending pics of my penis around is the greatest act of kindness in human history . Remember that
Im goig to drive a nail through my cock to promote ABC's "The Middle"", and I will be paid $18 for doing it.
currently employed as Water Guru at the beach. it's sort of like being a lifeguard except i have no inclination to touch the drowning people
now from my understanding, the bra store is not only a place to get bras, but also functions as a sort of social hub, for single woman &amp; men
now im a man whos been eating his fuckin spaghetti, i tell you what for damn sure. tghat being said, toilet paper needs to be about 3x wider
do not show me this 
Approaching hour 5 of the #NoPiss challenge. This is very fucking serious and real. Bafflingly, no one has requested to interview me yet
please enter the wooded area behind hardee`s when you are ready to be lectured about using corn cob holders by a fervently diapered imbecile
school lunch card revoked indefinitely for making a counterstrike map based on the principal'/s rock garden
you are all too concerned wih your fucking "Brands" to help a mman who was absolutely in hell for 4 hours you turncoat motherfuckers of shit
A MAD TYRANT has cracked the admin password for IRC chatroom #DiaperIsrael -- the entirety of DARKNET is in peril
front of my shirt: " YES: MY PATIO IS HAND-WASHED " back of my shirt: a convenient bullseye so people can shoot me if they want to
Help Me Deep Freeze My Beard So It Stinks Less
i do not give a shit of the official WHOTUS stance, i refuse to hear it, i will never forgive the turkey, i will not bow to that filthy bird
well were back to 1000 americans choking to death daily on this virus and ithought the time line could use a quick smile. Thats all
i licked a pumpkin dtoday #thinspo
Q: Whats ur least favorite finger to be flipped off with A: the middle one. it pisses me off way more than the other fingers. drives me nuts
FOlks, please, do not hesitate to send me twitter content before you publish it, so i can tell you if it's acceptable, or if it's bull shit
every generation deserves at least 5 movies named "Spider Man 2"
Although listed as a baby cowboy hat it is actually more the size for a 5-6 year old child. Needlessly to say, I returned it for a refund.
i swear to everyone on this site that i am truly, truly a good and compassionate person, and i have a completely normal dick that isnt small
i just think this is the sort of thing that would be nice to have 
my uncle is trying to stick my drawing of him (Chibi-Style) on the toilet with a refrigerator magnet. doesnt understand why it's not working
My dick is wearing a neck brace
everyrtfhing I say and do is owned hereforth by the fine individuals of the Cash For Moms Online corporation. i beLieve in cash for moms. ..
the reason it costs hundreds of thousands of dollars to incarcerate people is that jail is really good and i like going there. Jail is good
spending my weekend retooling a joke about fucking the tiny hole in the bathroom sink that prevents the water level from increasing toom uch
folks if you think haunted house is scary this halloween i invite you to look at the damn economy and thj dow jones
maybe the ski mask guy who blasted the "Doge" dog across the room like a rag doll.. maybe he was all of us. my opinion. unfollow if u must.
finest rack o ribs youve ever seen. you get your favorite dry rub all over that badboy but- oh no- it's sand. the sand laughs #BBQNightmares
please dont call me "Cunt_Smoker" anymore.  im a 37 year old father of two daughters and have since chosen a more appropriate user handle
surprise, dad. while you were witnessing the pennsylvania state lottery i tried on all your work gloves and they looked very handsome on me
this is every thing and its only 11:am, 
waushington running amok... #JustMyThoughtsOfIt
just put my elbow bthrough the monitor because i thought the cursor was a bug again. nevertheless this setback will not slow down my posting
Sigh. Mistakes were made, folks. 
mr buzz feed here folks. just lost my job again, this time by trying to sniff a flower on a mans shirt and getting water squirted in my face
"oh this?? im only wearing this shit in case i need something to wipe my ass with"-something i just said to impress all my shirtless friends
we;ll its time for me to pick the scabs off of what i not-so-affectionately refer to as my "Fail Dick"
my "Ass Ceremony" is solely to blame for all thre bad earthquakes. if i knew it would have caused the earthquakes i would not have done it.
bazinga fan 80
foflks i want to tell you all about icecold pepsi. its good to drink that &amp; top it off with a crest whitestrip while jacking off in your car
My Business Logo:  a composite of sexy lady legs cut out from a variety of images and arranged to spell the word "Gordo"
is it spiritually advisable to circumcise my sons if they're conjoined twins attached at the foreskin
i may not know "jack shit" , but i know my friend "Jack fists" and he would like to come to knock the shit out of your teeth,
trolls have found a terrible new way to antagonize me. it is called "retweeting" and it works by exposing my posts to scammers &amp; crumb bums.
"big craps are good". never have is een such a foolhardy sentiment expressed on here. "Big craps are good". Absurd. The words make no sense
 donated several hundred of these badboys to the haitian gov in their time of need.. do your part #iran
all of the dna in my ass is just morbid.  if my ass was a person it would have a small dick
GENDERLESS WEDDING AT HARD ROCK CAFE: THE BRIDE AND GROOM WILL BE COVERED IN TARPS IN ORDER TO CIRCUMVENT THE STANDARDIZED NORM`S; FREE ICE
went to sons baptism. i yeled "Not so fast Champ" and punched the priest & spalshed holy water around. i lost my child in the ensuing chaos
im sorry but if my indie bible translation fund doesnt gain any traction soon im going to have to posnt another one of my trade mark rants.
lots of movies like to add jokes in there, as a bit of an easter egg
one needs only to read the quote on my favorite coffee mug to understand quite clearly, without a doubt, that i am mad about Content.
my good new plan is to aquire a storefront, name it "please dont come in here" and jack off inside of it, alone, until i run out of money
*sees the e3 logo on a website, tthrows head back and screams the word "Epic" before immediately defaulting to aberrant emotionless state*
:||‡‡‡||: " sex is abnormal " :||‡‡‡||:
a look of pure disappointment washes over Jack Cafferty's face. "sandusky's cock..." Wolf Blitzer shakes his head. "sandusky's cock..."
woah.  look who's back in town 
ah ye,s its nigh time that the Lexus has attained Trending Topic status, there is no Finer car, "This Is Exceptional", Lexus. The car, Lexus
thinking abou t having a phase in my mid-50s where i wear a whislte every where i go and make everyone around me call me "Coach"
vvvvvvvvvv bullshit vvvvvvvvvv
WHo in their right nerve is selling M Jackson ticket to the funeral, le tthe man rest in peace, Relax!!!
ive hired 3 of my clumsiest dumb ass followers to spy on my wife and uncover her plots against me, just the worst bumbling fucking imbeciles
im an amputated shit lord hairspray addict. ask me anything
more bullshit: enterprise rent-a-car will refuse to serve you if you imply that youre wearing a cock ring, even if its for health reasons
sensing activiy from one of my known "Black Listed Accounts." do not engage of it, lest you intend to shit on me &amp; everything ive worked for
the maligned Villains of my story., my ass and dick, are known to drive my readers the most wild and turbochagrge engagements &amp; impressions
false. total crap 
i know of two types of people⸻people who know bianry, and people who want to morph into a piece of dog shit and get stepped on by a hot lady
got all these tabs open like "Girl poison husband rate" and "Poisoned husband body count" researching if i should want to have a wife or not
as a real life professional Chef , i refuse to buy any packaged food that isn't marked with the words "Limited Edition"
good news folks, today i dreamt about buying Furniture w/my girl followers so i punished myself by slamming the toilet lid on my fat fingers
i ask you, whos the real " Little Ho" ??? Me (for being a little Ho) or You (for not forgiving me for being a little Ho)
which candidate wants to make it illegal for barbershops to kick me out for having a really dirty head. i dont believe in voting, but still
im not tipping any more waiters until the facts come in, regarding Putin
people on here treat me like dirt , thats fine,  meanwhile hundreds of teens are allowed to go to prom racistly every day
can 1000000 irate south korean pigs buried alive after a foot and mouth outbreak possibly join forces and cause an 8.9 eartquake??? #yes
known among variety of local retailers as "oily ass man." banned from mattress giant, pier 1 imports, ikea, raymour &amp; flanigan, and so forth
these people with locked accounts...damn!!! you just know theyre hiding all the good posts in there
The Proven Mental Health Benefits Of Calling Your Boss "Father"
pistol whipping my self to gain Endurance
had mny scholarship revoked because of my bumbling 15 tweet routine about how isis attacked the airport because they hate brussel sprouts
im still  noob after all these years, after 20 years of the computer im still noob, unbelievable
thinkting of putting a sign up in front of my decrepit mississippi swamp house advising the band Pussy Riot to keepaway
i think that if mensa started getting involved in gang violence, they would easily Win
the steve harvey fleshlight vid now officially has more views than the critically acclaimed masterwork "Boyhood". we can do better people
you want to claim that i keep a cup of poop on my computer desk? You want to go on record? ill put you in concrete. ill give you to the lord
pussy log 12.29.11:  justin unscrewed the knob from the door to the ladies' room and now the club boys all take turns cradling it
paper towel ?? Huzzat ?? is it a paper or a towel. more to come
if i find the mother fucker who ruined my daughters lives by changing his wifi name to "the poop bathroom" i`ll have his balls on my mantel
i challenge my most hated Enemys to name a single chemical that exists naturally within a womens pussy.  You cant do it
Shut the fuck up?  Now ? Whil;e im smack in the middle of perhaps my most ruthless tear against Netflix Culture? Muwahaha. Never
hello 911. the toilet seat ripped my loin cloth off again
now that net neutrality is finally dead i can share my controversial tony hawk/NASCAR cross fiction without fear of persecution or ridicule
the most classic form of capital punishment is being restrained in the stocks and having tomatoes thrown at you just for being a dumb ass
im upset because nobody wants to market anything to my ultra fucked up demographic
*understands tthe full potential of the net all at once and stumbles backward wwhile struggling to breathe* christ,. my god
real_damn_fairly_misanthropic_red_m_and_m
getting Sucked out of house and home
searching for bastards .
The Foundation For The Restoration Of American Honor Has Given President Barack Hussein Obama A Hitler Rating Of 34.  This Is The Worst One.
Electric Light Orchestra AND Spyro The Dragon???  Finally , A KickStarter I Can Empty My 401k Into
No results found for "BORN TO GO FUCK MYSELF"
there are only like 4 girls on this entire site, and theyve all blocked me for saying that snow white and the seven dwarfs are muslim
We did not find results for: "GOT TO FIND OUT IF THE RAT WHO BIT MY DICK IS A GIRL ONE PRONTO" Try the suggestions below or type a new quer
sears deparftment store used to be the best place to meet up with the boys. nowadays theyll let just about any piece of shit inside to shop.
all of my followers are lousy hob goblins and all of the people who dont follow me are dirty dog ghouls
me and my lawyer just tricked my ex-wife into signing an agreement which orders her t o wear a dumbass cowboy hat to work #FuckU #LifeRuiner
IGN: "octomom caught Gaming" Gawker: "octomom is a gamer and i want to smooch her" TMZ: "ocotomom GAMES?  hhuUWHAAT??" Wired: "octomom game"
"not all los believe in shangri-la. I personally do believe there something to it. not gonna go into detail do to harrasment via youtube"
pour teeth into my ass #SpyMovie
Yearly Reminder That Human Beings Have Actually Died As A Direct Result Of April Fools Day #aprilfools #JokesOnUBub
even if youre not a comics guy, i woud fully recommend grabbin a cigar and experiencing Blondie's 948-strip "BENEDICTION" arc in one sitting
kissing the female firefighter emoji as penance for being a dog brained fuck freak
"clothes" are a construct you fucking dolt. as well as flintsonte chewable vitamins is a construct, and grandmas house is a construct, prick
Teens respond to scorpions. Im bridging the teen reality with ours, through Scorpion Use. Do scorpions need to act rude to be cool? No
When Jordache designer diapers were manufctured in 1994, they "seemed to symbolize Jordache's descent in the marketplace to discount outlets
THE COMMON IMBECILE: the movie "cars 2" is better than the movie "cars 1"  ME: alas this nation has truly gone, to the dogs!!!!
(carrrying a huge polkadotted bindle, looking like a dumb ass , shoes completely untied) Mother.. Father... Im leaving home to join the cops
corn should grow from sprouts, like beans do.  none of this cob bullshit
FOR CHRIST MAS I WILL ATTEMPT TO RATIONALIZE MY DESTRUCTIVE SELF HATRED AND UNCEREMONIOUSLY FAIL TO SUCCEEd at anything whatseoever thankyou
just indignantly threw $799 gamer keyboard into koi pond because i got pissed off by the craze that is sweeping the nation known as Planking
(reading my latest death threat ) "from the desk of DigimonOtis..." this is bullshit.  digimonotis has never owned a desk
getting pisse d off imagining my trolls and dissenters crawling around my house in little butler outfits and expecting tips
the american sniper murders 8 people with one bullet 2000miles away from a beach chair in hawaii, winks at the camera and says "Its A Livin"
makimg a Meme Quilt, where we send a quilt all over the world &amp; each person adds a patch featuring their favorite online meme . a bit of fun
Reminder that we are no longer mailing locks of our own hair to girls, in 2018 .
accidentally printing out 20 ascii wayne gretzky nudes on the really loud printer in the school's computer lab #90sHell #DecadeOfTorment
 Gun World
haha i just met a man named TenderWallace on irc who will scrape my teeth in his garage for 25 bucks so this whole dental office can suck it
feel like im the only person smart enough to notice how much hourglasses suck  compared to normal clocks
indie punk rock band "THe 9/11 Forgetters" wanted by police after imploring their audience NOT to watch ABC's wednesday night comedy lineup
some children get really angry if you tell them that all nasa astronauts are cigarette smokers, but its true
When and Rome... 
PASSIVE AGGRESESIVELY UNFOLLOWING ME BECAUSE YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH AWFUL POSTS IS A BULL SHIT MOVE
a small, ramshackle town where nearly every adult male has a severe case of blue lung from being forced to work in the denim mines
in conclousion, there's some action packed heavy hitter s in the world of games being released soon,  and I hope you all buy them.  Bye
enjoying a conversation with my friend elan musk,. 
96 year old man goe's back to kindergarten after losing ihs job at the chemical weapons factory due to Gas Prices and the Economy #InspireMe
Cause I got high high Hopes for the living !!!!  Cause I got High High Hopes !!!!
this man just likened me to a group of masturbators because i believe in the importance of an ironed pair of slacks. how dare he
#ThingsGirlsLike ccalling me a fucking bastard and strangling me with their legs while my head turns purple and im horny and screaming mad
it is important to remember to empty the recycle bin on your desk top every once in a while if you delete a lot of files
bowl fucker #RejectedBowlGames
i put a firefly and a ladybug into a mason jar and have been closely monitoring their activities for 4 days. they have not fucked yet
let's swap wine zines
President Obama began to question the future of his country.  Desperate for answers, he humbly knelt before a crucifix made of Slim Jim `s.
Im now earning 5% cash back at gas stations so if you need gas please give me the cash so i can buy it on credit and siphon it into your car
there is no act more intimate &amp; sensual than browsing a mans "Like" page , and clicking on there without permission is the ultimate betrayal
itoday i realized that Miracles, Guardian Angels, God, it all exists; when i put 1000 bees on my dick and every single one of them stung it
think you got it rough? try engineering blog posts while trying to suck down two whole baby bottles full of muscle milk before Solstice ends
pal the only "meltdown" im having is my ice cream melting down into my hand while I lay on the beach &amp; laugh while thinking about the trolls
can i get a twiter verified account. im the guy on hgwy 23 who holds up the ad for that furniture store that went out of business 6 times
the only crime dick cheney committed was being born into a world where goofusmouths are allowed to flap their gumms at true mighty armymen
its like i always say folks "you gotta follow my account to get the posts"
a very nude, very fat pink man rolling down the corridors of an ancient temple, gathering dust and dirt like breadcrumbs on a chicken cutlet
i have a rare condition which is commonly known a s "pig ear", and if I was born in the 1950s i would have been euthanized #Blessed
A tag has been placed on Utz Quality Foods, Inc. requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia.
I.m taking a break from people who think it is good to make a fool of me for drama purposes. Basically dont look at my page until im not mad
Comments for Golden Shower: by Chris on 18/04/2012 "It sucks" -- by Chrystal on 13/04/2012 "Not good" -- by by Dashawn on 06/04/2012 "Hel"
#85Collapse ive been saying from the very beginning that interstate85 fucking sucks ass. now that it collapsed girls are blowing my phone up
"cmon!! post it!" Oh no, i couldnt possibly. Its too fucked up. Too raw "cmon!! ya gotta post it!" Very well: NHL Players should wear hijabs
if you add me to the dumb ass group chats full of guys i dont know you better believe im leaking that shit to the cops. i do not give a fuck
*reclines in chair a nd ages 2 ,000 years instantly turning into a skeleton and then pile of shit* ah everything's going according to plan
Hanes dumps Charlie Sheen ads... fuck you hanes, you never battled a real d emon have you, you dont know what life is, make me sick, fuck of
donate $78 to the " micropenis" awareness fund for a orange micropenis ribbon to show your support for micropenis.  i have it
thats one small Ass for a man,. one tiny jeans for man kind
prolapsed 6 or 7 feet of gangrenous intestine onto the floor of the GOP national convention in my latest of many goof-ups, bloopers, &amp; flubs
#FreeJahar New DHS rule bans Jahar's mom from giving her son a hug. Im crying.  Everything is so fucked up.
☠   ☠   ☠  CLICK ON MY ASS FOR MORE TWEETD   ☠   ☠   ☠
sometimes its good to just wipe your ass,
just deleted 23,000 tweets at the request of Sbarro. feeling Purified
Wow ,  imagine an office where the employees are not just allowed to have fun... its ENCOURAGED
i want all every girl on twitter to take the pH level of here pussy and send it to me via private email
leaving splinters stuck in your fingers is good. its all protien baby
has any one ever noticed that the good spiderman movies are the ones for adults, and the bad spiderman movies are the ones for children
please stop changing the "Gomco Clamp" wikipedia entry, i have the entire article tattooed on my back and im sick of having to update it
ill take.. the whole damn lot !!!!!! 
then they donate the hair to corrupt criminal organizations isntead of mixing it w/ rotten fruit &amp; feeding it to the dogs, as wa s customary
"be the james you want to see in the world " - James Bond
i remark "mummies are made out of diapers" at the egypt museum. some cops jump out a sarcophagus and begin humping me as i roll on the floor
my father got sick of wegmans constantly running out of reddi-wip so he started a militia.  guess i gotta join his shitty militia now
 my book is now 35% off again for some reason.  $11.68 - cheaper than dog shit "Nice for the holidays"
i tried to throw a molotov cocktail at a bird but he was too high up
"Why should there be only one good friday. Let's try our best to make all the Fridays good. Thank you" -a quote i invented which made me cry
theres pills on amazon that make your loads bigger but the guys in the 1-star reviews say they give u diarrhea. dont know whats real anymore
missin the glory days of the 90s when true talent like "justin bieber" made trending topic isntead of nonsense such as "Beckhams face"
still way fuckin Muscled , despite the economy, despite life
my spirit animal is t he lowly paramecium, cosmic punishment for killing a paramecium in my past life
they should put slot machines in the mc donalds. i want to win baby
my velcro jeans burst open, scattering my secret stash of 2 liter canada dry bottles as I stumble backwards off the roof of the 9/11 buildig
please put a helipad on my shitty roof
on my deathbed, surrounded by loved ones, i bid farewell. i explode into 1000 totino's pizza rolls and everyone in the room tries to grab em
sucking off on a piece of spaghetti like a dick; getting all that red Sauce
adding "A Touch of Class" to my home by wrapping all of my game's apparatuse's in tinsel
16 reasons why Farm Fresh Corn on the cob could be your new Taste Obsession - Chef Édouard`s Corncob Lounge "On 3rd"
fuck the "left shark "
alright Boys i just spent seven years on a dumpster diving voyage across South America and i got some nice Finds for YA , lets take a look:
there should be a policeman on the premises when they're naming these damn horses so they stop giving them names that aren't serious or real
its apparent people arent taking these social distancing measures seriously. on my way to the gym i had 2 people suck my shit completely off
my hobbies include wearing cool clothes, getting sucked off and being involved in local theater. The last one is a joke, actually
i have a life, thank u.
piss #ad
stood up, faced audience during larry the cable guy movie, and shouted "YOu're all monsters, stop laughing at him, that's his regular voice"
all t he babes from the old movies will be in it.  the dad from the third one will be in it. austin 4.0.  do i make you oscar baby
- _ =  NEVER A SEX ACCOUNT = _ -
some times you just gotta say "nuff said" because enough of the shit  has been said to that point
"All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight" is a song written and recorded by American country music performer Hank Williams, Jr
that smug prick baby new year th e piece of shit. ill throw him from my truck the dumb ass mother fucker
apparently there;s a base amount of @mtn_dew you can drink that will make the red cross refuse to accept your blood &amp; i surpassed it, #Yowza
confiscate my spine
everyone please stop fucking posting for a second; i think i just inhaled a hair
(folloiwng the waiter to his car) Sir.  Sir. Can you confirm or deny that the Southwestern Chipotle Chicken Paninis here are "Chef Inspired"
(ssees a stock image of a frowning man sitting inside of a doghouse) Hurmph. Asinine.
they didnt show "rag fucker" at e3, i was really expecting them to show "rag fucker", disappointed &amp; concerend about future of "rag fucker"
liberating to have gotten all the joke's out of my system sometime back in 2011 so I can now disseminate serious info to the dumb asses here
The reports are false, Joe Paterno is still alive!!  Joe Pa pulled through the night, read more:  
Euuuhh... Not a Good look! 
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithCheese the n.w.o and the illuminati orchestrated katrina and colony collaspe || send paypal to BLOODTRUTH@yahoo.com
hidden camera prank doctor: we got your xrays back. Looks like your brain has been replaced by bugs me (oblivious): please let me g go home
1989: the fall of the berlin wall is celebrated, historically revered 2016: i tear down the sneeze guard at old country buffet and get Booed
unverified accounts are fucking disgusting. they often contain base, lewd "humor", and i have mini-strokes whenever one of them retweets me
people are telling me that i have no right to post the thursday nite rant on a tuesday. SCREAMING it to me
i spend the majority of my computer time #Frowning
now's the perfect time to take out that nasty Zynga money before it goes sour &amp; invest it directly into The Spice Girls. flame me if u must
i dont respect the cowboy life style any more and if you are doing cowboy shit you might as well be wearing a clowns outfit
i believe the hpv vaccine is a personal affront to the members of the ProGenWarts community, ive prepared some literature on the matter and
DIVORCE GURU: gaming is a right, not a privilege. remember that always. ME: Thank you divorce guru
know how roaches scatter when you turn the lights on??? same thing happens when i whip my big ass out. #miserable
when you do sutuff like... shoot my jaw clean off of my face with a sniper rifle, it mostly reflects poorly on your self
Let's cut the crap—regarding iTunes. Maybe it's just me, but it seems like you gotta be from NASA just to get half these features to work.
eovery single day i thank God for my perfect skin and soft kissable lips as i wrap barbed wire around my arms and legs
This guy got himself into another mess.  Take a look 
i need someone to come fix my fucked up neck tie. ive barricaded myself in the bathroom ogf kenny rogers roaster in mumbai. say the password
**sticks vacuum into skintight rubber suit so it becomes even tighter and dick and balls become more pronounced &amp; visible* ugh!! mondays
romney claims obama takes too many showers &amp; dries skin out. in resposne, obama slow;ly steps on mitt's dick &amp; balls with a high heeled shoe
life force drained to &lt;5% by enemy posts - Not good!!  get me a "Likes" infusion ASAP!! Get me a follow fridday
I Have A Life, Fucker.  *Drives away in tiny car powered by my ow n shit and piss*
fucking asshole 
my youtube account "ThePepsiEunich" has earned me $48 in ad revenue throughout 2010-2012. id rather die than let the GOVT take a cent of it.
thinking that going to Harvard to increase your IQ is something people do once every few months like getting your hair cut
turning my headlights off when driving at night,.. so that my Rivals cannot see me
more then anything.... 
#TenLiberalCommandments thou shalt kiss the dicks of our troops and lick their dicks also for disrespecting them and making them sad
i feel like if i practiced often enough and really focused i could learn how to shave all the hair off of my body using only my fingernails
sorry couldnt hear ya over $ rustling about in my wallet. money i saved by subverting toothbrushes. sucking the toothpaste tube like a cock,
nobody with less followers than me should be allowed to block me.   Thats fucked up
grinning like a shit eating bastard on the bus because i found the exact combination of words that will obliterate budweiser when i tweet it
Unamused by the portmanteau of "Groupon"
NETFLIX DIAPER NOW #WOAH#Real
might delete all my posts once i hit 10000.  Thats enough
win ben steins Pussy
court orders mythbusters to change their name to the Shamebusters. adam weeps while jamie comforts him and delivers the judge a stony glare
fourteen of my beautiful sons exploded in God's War and the army sent me a gorgeous mantlepiece of a wolf that I kiss everyday
Sorry "DrunkDriver1488", your eHarmony profile has been rejected
awfully bold of you to fly the Good Year blimp on a year that has been extremely bad thus far
and n9ow people are being abusive instead of helping me so i am just going to shut the monitor off and sit in the pitch blackness for awhile
Imbecile 
25% exp penalty for asking what ethnicity beetlejuice is in the team chat
your post sucked so much shit so bad it just turned me from ESFP to INTJ  in 2 seconds flat. your spinning my bitch wheel 99mph
GIRLS SHOUD BE MADE TO WEAR A SPECIAL BADGE ON THEIR PRO-FILES SO I CAN FUCK THEM EASYER
people please, all i ask for is one town hall meeting which doesnt reference The Matrix
on February 19th, 2019, i will show my penis on here and effectively remove myself from consideration as the host of this years Oscar show.
making a Fairly solid argument that tthe same societal sickness that led to Minstrel Shows manifests itself today as "Doggo Shit"
Why is there anger on this world.  In year 2014. You savage , hateful, ugly thing's
two cars in the garage, a white picket fence,  and monster energy logos embroidered into both ass pockets
"dinner portions.. for lunch? Absolutely. Absolutely." -TheTexMexBoy
why won't anyone fight me on this site. i want to slam one of you smug motherfuckers to hell, with the good words that i type and post here.
BARBARO IS BACK, THE ONCE DEAD REACEHORSE IS BACK TO LIFE AND TEARING UP THE HORSE TRACK LIKE NEVER BEFORE, "THE SECRET" WORKS,THANK U OPRAH
some one on here said they were going to "Cuck" teddy ruxpin, while the mods are off sipping mimosas somewhere
i love iwt when a big thought bubble appears over my head featuring guys pouring entire bottles of barbecue sauce out into a thick pile
It has recently occurred to me that I am constantly being clowned on. The people I trust most have apparently been clowning on me for years.
" Be the wife you want to be in the world.  You have one life to grab it by the Nuts  "  - the Quote Pussy
two simple words that will save our shitty, fucked up country from job loss, restore our dominance over china and end taxes: "cyber pinball"
 my shirnt and floor
attn: Fucker who posted False R.I.P. to Cedric The Entertainer; i haeve just received my good shooter degree from gun college. that is all
*wactches a sniper headshot a butterfly while its still inside of the cocoon* Hm, absolute Ownage.  Ihave never seen anything that good.
"mr. bucket" now theres a guy who clearly does not have his shit together
Hell is Real 
i am nude, shaved, &amp; ready to be submerged within the digital chrysalis where i will generate bigcoins by doing ki warrior poses until i die
"i wish they got, WiFi down here" - guy who died in the paris catacombs
*steps up to mic; booed immediately* geico commericals are tthis generation's pink floyd **boos get louder** can anyone help me find my car
getting brain damage from pissing my self off
The jokes, Ladies and gentlemn. The jokes
15 reasons why Comcast,m the company voted the worst in america, is actually the best one, and Here's Why:
I lpove making my credit rating lower by having my wife painted on the side of my car
currently seeking buyers for "Zonked in the Pecker" thw only sit com where the wife punchs her husband in the dick at least once per episode
ME: waiter...give me a shitty joe WAITER: (wow..this guy just ordered a sloppy joe in a bad ass way i never heard before. powerful move.) Ok
my shitty Zumba Trainer thinks that letting people pay me to cry on webcam doesn't count as a real job. mods, help me diaperbomb his mansion
before i Smoke, i want to read an article about if smoking is facing a crisis in which smokers are making smoking too much "About them"
some times it's the small things that are good #Truth_In_Life #Deals #Abominable 
if you don't think i like to muck about on here... i damn say you're in for the shock of a life time!!!!
if it werent for the sport of hockey, nobody would give a shit about pucks
going down to the bank to yell at all the workers there and tell them to keep their greasy mitts off of my stash
if you recently dumpster dived a combination dildo/inhaler emblazoned with the hot wheels logo, please return it. thats the only thing i own
MicropenisRodney; if youre out there, anywhere plesse get in touch with me, im sorry I yelled at you and I wamt to fix our ragecomic startup
a-list: time line b-list: group dm c-list: shit i yell in the car with the windows rolled up d-list: shit i say while melting down in court
unemployable crab husk shit
fuckin Wade 
for m y money, the best Soda you can get today is at the restaurant we've all come to known as Micky D's aka mc donalds.
 the state of owl sfx  on you tube fucking sucks ass
Donkey kong from "Donkey Kong" Mario from "Mario" They stand tall as the Loony Tunes of modern era, to besmirtch there names is unforgivable
"booty" is code word for "ass" .  this is known
just as Christ washed the feet of his disciples , i proudly volunteer to allow my girl followers to use my shirt as a napkin,.
theres like 90 reddit threads per day called "Do your friends Hate you?" and they always have 10000 replies of people saying shit like "Yes"
unloading an entire belt of ammo at me with a minigun or some such device will now get you "Blocked"
"do turds carry gneder. are there male turds &amp; female turds." good question, Walter_PSX. hte answer, however, is not so clear cut im afraid;
the horny ranter clenches his fist in triumph, having been notified that his youtube account has been upgraded to accommodate 15 minute vids
log me in to the on-line city where the links are blue and the girls Dm Me......
mail 1000 envelopes addressed to "The Desert" and watch endless waves of government pawns march to their death #ANARCHY2012 #sand
jsut a heads up if youre trying to be a check mark guy on here, you get paid more to have opinions that suck fucking ass
please contact your cybersenators and tell them to tear down the bad computers
i destoryed my balls with uh, enhanced interrogation techniques sir
get this fellas. i just doxxed MetalGearEric and his real name is: Ted Staircase. he lied about being an eric and his last name is staircase
getting my naval cavity laser removed because i just remembered an article i read in 1997 about how people in Spain were doing it
shit hater
#InternationalSelfCareDay riding hood of my 18wheeler freaking out getting shaken baby syndrome &amp; turning red like a boiled crab sucking ass
downloading some very interesting pictures of DJs
me &amp; khryler are drawing up plans for a family restaurant with damn good jeans nailed to the walls. we will call it the hard rock jeans cafe
i have taken my shirt off over 10000 times
spend a lot of time thinking about how sometimes even war criminals can be heroes sometimes... Dont like it? Click the unfollow buttobn
beware of my friend metal gear eric he is a scammer and a bimbo
watching hours of people on you tube destroying "Dennis The Menace" logically to max out my SAT scores and live my Best life
rocky homer simpson show
my followers will be thrilled to hear that i am wearing a very pleasant pair of jeans while reading a variety of articles, on subjects
whos the true detective
get me on some ghostboster sites
santa   #goodbook #Remembering41 #BushFuneral
was gonna bring back the classic "piss" gag but you cant say the word "piss" any more. theyll get ya. ford trucks .com built ford truck #ad
in the midst of jade helm 15 and high gas prices. a good boy looks to the stars and asks where have all the angels Gone ...............
every day i thank God for making it illegal for cops to kill and beat me
here i am again, screaming into the toilet, hoping somehow, somewhere, my future wife can hear my soothing voice resonate intot her asshole.
my guest bathroom has 99 fake toilets and one real toilet and i use it to test the toilet abilities of all my guests
catching a ton of flak for my "how to fuck a Cadbury egg" web log series. sorry dim wits. your dick needs to be really small for it to work
i step into the vip lounge. i see a man in high heel shoes stepping on a carton of milk while other men in suits yell at him and throw coins
"ill goon your ass. ill pig you out" yeuah um, No, its highly unlikely that you will "Goon" my ass. Try reading a book of english
fantasy meatball league
i was promised awful, screaming cicadas by the millions. i am starting to think i busted out my CICADA MAN 2013 t-shirt for nothing.
the banned version of "'lord of the flies" where the conch is replaced by a fat immobile pug dog
handing Faves over to my enemies is FRAUD !!  base, contemptible FRAUD!
"the only way to go is retro." - demonius dark blade, 30 minutes ago
me, DigimonOtis and some other asshole ride a three man bicycle to go buy some gold and were all dressed like dipshits and mad at each other
sick of bieng fucking shrieked at in DMs just because im one of the few left who thinks girls should not breastfeed while operating aircraft
f 
i would appreciate it if my followesr called me "Sir" , like they would a Police Man, or any one else with the power to destroy their lives
trying to draft a tweet about how people arre getting too many tattoos of the cars from the cars movies without invoking Race
 announcin,g in 2016 my new brand alliance with cool arab man
this account is now 100%, fully unbridled, Racist. Fuck you !!! 
elon: the tesla milker will run by taking ordinary chemtrails out of the air and tuirning them into, milk me: wow. Tastes great. Ha ha ha
SCREAMS INTO THE MICROPHOHNE, MY HOLLERING REVERBERATES THRU TINY CELLAR FILLED WITH 59 HOGWILD PIT BULL DOGSm;; GAINING STRENGTH THRU ANGER
*shoves bloindfolded man's hand into a bowl of slimy grapes * and this is God's diaper *sticks hand in spaghetti * and this is God's turds
ijust gave some guy in the bathroom $200 and he left. i think i own a toilet now
ddepressed, exhausted imbecile dragging an overturned port-o-john down the interstate, blocking traffic and getting honked at
i now have over 100 comments that the media refuses to let me apologize for and the trolls got my Ass over a barral
mcgruff the crime dogs Crime Tip #888853: if a criminal makes you play a game of darts to save a hostage's life throw the darts at his Dick
FLORENCE RIVERBOAT JUG MAN AND THE COWARD MURDERERS
ssure. ill concede that this landmark decision is a step in the right direction. BUt people who pre-order games are still getting swindled .
the "Seems To Me" collection by @Dril. Thank you for reading it
if our lives were like a highschool cafeteria the cool kids table would be occupied by those guys who mess up their dicks for body mod blogs
plop all feeds with adult content on them right straight into the trash can. twitter is a businness site .
mabye this decal of the troll face saying "DID YOU TRY RESTARTING IT??" will make the boys in IT respect me &amp;stop kicking my cube walls down
my Reaction when . 