Thank you for your trust in the @SpaceX team. Greatly appreciated. 
Petra and Mars 
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews
Im fucking the wall. a tectonic shift 900 miles away causes it to slice off my thin prick and drop it on mexican soil. Its their problem now
Falcon 9 flight 50 launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At 6 metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite we’ve ever flown.
In our human life, tolerance is very important, it helps you overcome difficulties. Without it, tiny things irritate you and you overreact.
installing a full scale maypole in my backyard... just thinking the boys are going to love this shit
#ATXCouncil items pulled for discussion: 13, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 29, 31, 32, 33, 37, 39, 45 &amp; 49. Item 64 postponed. Items 46, 47 &amp; 70 withdrawn &amp; replaced by addendum items. Remaining items on consent agenda (1- 54 &amp; 98-100) approved. Full agenda: 
fucking awful 
What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!
you know what wo uld be fun, would be if twitter hq just dumped a truck full of wet turds on my front lawn every day "In case I missed it"
#FineMenThatEatAss #FineMenThatEatPussy #FineMenThatDontCheat 
☝️ If you’re looking to help, #Austin non-profits like @CTXFoodBank and @HopeFoodPantry are getting donations to those who need it most as we work to overcome #COVID19. 🍌🛒🧻.  #ATXforATX   ▶️ 
Which of these #Austin landmarks would be your final stop? (4/5)
#NationalOreoDay i spit on oreo
The City of Austin is building hundreds of affordable homes a year to tackle growing affordability challenges for low-income families – and to help prevent homelessness. 🏡   Find out how we're doing it:  
Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!
Love seeing the scars of the rocket 
This is why I’m not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then I’d know everything’s fine &amp; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh 🤔
#ATX food pantries are here to serve those in our community who need it most.🥕🥦🍅Many are working to distribute via drive-thru to reduce close human interaction.  Want to help, but don't know how?  🙌 Consider donating or volunteering w/ @CentralTexasFoodBank + @KeepAustinFed. 
To date @austinmobility has completed safety improvements at 11 high-crash intersections throughout Austin funded by a variety of sources. Early results from completed projects show a significant reduction in serious injury crashes.
wildly agreeing with some shit im reading in the newspaper that says like "There is nothing more Iconic, than Milk and Cereal"
Es más importante que nunca conocer las prioridades de la ciudad para el presupuesto del próximo año fiscal. Visite  para compartir qué las prioridades que son más importantes para usted y su familia. 
I think that cultivating positive mental states like kindness and compassion definitely leads to better psychological health and happiness.
Turning over a new leaf: #ATXCouncil approves the dedication of 99.98 acres in flood zones in South East Austin as parkland. Since 1999, @AustinWatershed has bought up flood-prone houses in the Lower Onion Creek area. More info:  
some one please help this man 
To be clear, this doesn’t affect Tesla website order prices. Existing inventory prices are currently slightly lower than on website. This will bring them in line.
i remember shit from when back when people gave a Damn...... now the whoule damn world`s a penis
say what you will about my mediocre ass hole... at the end of the day, It's got people talkin!!!!
To control negative physical and verbal actions, it is necessary to get at their root, the mind, and tame it.
Unlike physical progress, which is subject to natural restrictions, the qualities of the mind can be developed limitlessly.
Message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the release of Aung San Suu Kyi. 
I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
going Hard for my next big 9/11 Deep Dive. The time has come to goose around in the name of 9/11. Just wait'll I get my kicks, of 9/11
Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets, @GrucciFireworks, @Scotts_MGro, and @FedEx — for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening! #Salute2America 
Cultivating a close, warmhearted feeling for others is the ultimate source of success in life.
Saving our Salamanders! #ATXCouncil directs the City to take part in civil litigation opposing the Permian Highway gas pipeline because of the potential harm it poses to threatened and endangered species found within the Edwards Aquifer and Barton Springs. 
We didn’t even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Thank you #Truckers4Trump!  
On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
Music volume on a Tesla goes to 11, because it’s louder than 10  
Everybody appreciates kindness, but unfortunately our modern education system, with its materialistic goals, doesn’t have much room for inner values. We need to make people more aware of such inner values on the basis of scientific findings, common sense and common experience.
Hoy ud puede ayudar a que #ATX reciban los fondos y la representación que merezcan durante los siguientes 10 años.     9 preguntas, 9 minutos. Hágase contar ahora.   💻     📞 2-1-1    #ATXCensus2020 
Who controls the memes, controls the Universe
Would be great to combine blood donations with a C19 antibody test, so you know if you’re immune. Refill blood banks &amp; give donors peace of mind. 
turning on all the smoke detectors in my house as punishment for making some statements that i might have to apologize for at a later date
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
 
Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!).
 
Tesla dual motor means there is a motor in front &amp; a motor in rear. One is optimized for power &amp; one for range. Car drives fine even if a motor breaks down. Helps ensure you make it to your destination &amp; don’t get stuck on side of road in potentially unsafe conditions.
We know these are challenging times for many people which is why it’s more important than ever to know what our City should prioritize in the next FY #ATXBudget.  ➡️ Visit  to share with us what priorities are most important to you and your family. 
HHDL in a playful mood with comedian Russell Brand in during an event for young people in Manchester, UK, June 16. 
Atmospheric entry at 17,000 mph is like a meteor &amp; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom. 
Helping the Hungry: #ATXCouncil authorizes an agreement with @CooksNookAustin, a shared commercial kitchen for ATX vendor + caterer startups, to take on staff + provide meals for students of Del Valle schools who are experiencing food shortages due to #COVID19.
Hey babe, fancy a hot date …? 😉 @4thFromOurStar
OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!
Watch HDDL meeting with members of the press during his visit to Manali, India, on August 22nd. 
In our world today, everyone wants to live a happy life and indeed everyone has a right to a happy life. Yet we face problems, many of which are of our own making. If we look a little deeper, we may see that loving kindness is the key to our survival.
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
Thank you Heather! 
.@AusPublicHealth provides free #COVID19 assessment + testing if you or your family are feeling sick. Because this is a community priority, the City provides these services. Now, we need to understand your current budget priorities. Take a short survey  
Empowering Youth: #ATXCouncil approves a contract with @cary4kids to provide early intervention + prevention of at-risk behavior through empathy training, anger management, and individual behavioral counseling services. 👫👫 
Fang-tastic: #ATXCouncil authorizes an agreement with @TxDOT to install trash bins under certain overpasses and bridges. Locations will be selected by the city based on data collected from the Violet Bag pilot program:  
Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA.
The Fraudsters, the Bull shitters, and Fuck Boys are out to turn my page into their own personal Restroom!! Ohhhh!! Very not good!!
Mark your calendars for the Soil Kitchen – Get FREE soil testing April 13 &amp; 14 during the East Austin Garden Fair at Parque Zaragoza. Details:  
It's Day 3 of #PublicServiceRecognition Week and today we thank our many City employees serving Austin’s mobility needs. 🚴 Here are just a few highlights...   [see thread below]
#NationalCerealDay i fuck all cereal
Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
Haha actually true 
Price for fully installed solar plus battery has been reduced ~10% to help those affected by blackouts
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES..
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
The 2 questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
We need to balance material and spiritual progress, acting with love and compassion can help achieve that balance.
Quédese en casa y complete su Censo 2020!  💻 Visite  📞 Preguntas? Llame al 2-1-1  #ATXCensus2020 
Ka-pow! 💥 Our @Austin_Police superheroes leapt into action—in front of the cameras—to raise awareness &amp; funding for @dellchildrens + the kids they serve. Tonight their caped crusade can finally be viewed at 
The future is in your hands, but for it to be peaceful and happy requires a sense of compassion and concern for others’ well-being.
Have questions about how the revised draft land development code might impact your future plans for your property? Sign up for a one-on-one information session with City experts or attend an info session near you. 🙋 Events now thru 11/6:  
HHDL clarifies his statements on retirement during a press meeting in Kalimpong, India, on December 14th, 2010. 
#DYK Art in Public Places projects "Tau Ceti" by artist Josef Kristofoletti (E 2nd St &amp; Brazos St) + "Blackbird" by artists Joseph &amp; Holly Kincannon (Republic Square on Guadalupe St) are among 50 outstanding public art projects recognized by @Americans4Arts! 🌟 📷: Philip Rogers 
Why Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman?  Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.   
consuming Top Tweets at unprecedented speeds (cream of the crop; specifically curated to my personal interests) frowning like a sack of shit
In his 18th Brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), Marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. This is now ironically happening with Marxism.
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Staff continue to test water + algae weekly. We’ve still only found blue-green algae in 2 spots on Lady Bird Lake + in Barton Creek near the pedestrian bridge. Keep pets out of these areas + avoid human contact. Avoid warm, stagnant water w/visible algae:  
I don’t think human affection and compassion are just religious concerns; they’re indispensable factors in our day-to-day lives.
Happening fast! 
NOW: #ATXCouncil continues yesterday's #ATXBudget adoption reading. View the agenda at  + follow actions at   📺Watch live:  Spectrum ch. 6, Grande Communications ch. 6, U-Verse ch. 99.  📻Listen: KAZI 88.7 FM 
It’s inevitable 
Respawn++ 
The key to human happiness lies within our own state of mind, and so too do the primary obstacles to that happiness.
.@AusPublicHealth testing capacity continues to expand. To date, APH has:  🧪Completed over 20,000 tests ⬆️Increased avg. tests per day by 240% 🤝Partnered with @wilcogov to provide free assessment + testing to residents of both counties 📰Read more:  
#ATXCouncil is starting to take speakers regarding the potential building acquisition in South Austin that will be used to provide shelter and support services to those experiencing homelessness.  Watch live on 
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
if your homecooked farm fresh lunch does not contain the standbys of salt and pepper it is not Chef inspired It is Shit inspired
The City of Austin’s Austin Hispanic/Latino Network and Woman to Woman invite you to celebrate 🌟 National Latina Day 🌟  Join us for a conversation on the important contributions of Latinas in our #ATX community and in our City workforce today from 11:30 am to 1:00 pm. 
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
The #2020Census response window ends September 30 + community members are coming together to encourage households to complete their #Census questionnaire and #BeCounted.   ➡️Complete your #Census at    #ATXCensus2020 #GetCounted 
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM.  ☝️Follow Council actions live at  🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil 
“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
The Recycle &amp; Reuse Drop-off Center will close until further notice after July 3, 2020. Residents can continue to schedule at-home collection of household hazardous waste for proper + safe disposal.   To schedule a pick-up of household hazardous waste:  
Track &amp; Trace: #ATXCouncil ratifies an agreement with @CentralHealthTX to share data, manage and monitor individuals, trace contacts, and make recommendations to help understand, respond to, and mitigate the spread of #COVID19, at no cost to the City.
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
Met a guy on here the other day named "Mr do not follow my ass". Well with a name like that you better beleieve i`d be taking that advice.
Model X as it should be shown 
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse 
#ATXCouncil supports expanding a deal between jurisdictions to automatically dispatch the nearest fire services unit to emergencies to help cut response times. The new automatic aid agreement, which also benefits #ATX, would add Leander, Cedar Park, Round Rock + Georgetown.🚒🚨 
This paper matches what I’m hearing from a lot of smart people 
Doing to harm to others may bring some temporary satisfaction, but being helpful to them is the only real source of lasting joy.
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!
You’re welcome! 
Don’t forget to #KnowBeforeYouGo and include a safe ride home in your #NewYearsEve plans!   Avoid surge prices—@CapMetro services will be FREE after 5 p.m. (Full schedule at    For other travel options, visit  
elvis never fucked any of his fans . thats why he was "The king"
Frank Frazetta
Austin's Open Government Symposium 2019 continues with a discussion about voting and election security. Watch live at  (channel ATXN2). Or watch live (or later!) on Facebook at  #ATXOpenGov
Blood moon over LA tonight  (@kzooastro) 
before you go around muting my posts and blocking this or that , its important to consider the Shit that i bring to the table
Mike Pence WON BIG!
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
Best analysis of Model 3 to date (German) 
The purpose of religion is not to build beautiful temples but to cultivate positive human qualities such as tolerance, generosity and love.
Listening to Better Now 
Did you know that Austin Public Works’ Street + Bridge guys are not only strong but they're also fast! 💪⚡   To show off their hard work + talents they will be competing in the TPWA Backhoe Rodeo state competition this weekend. Look at them go! 👇 
Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!  :: 
The Census effort needs you! Help get Austin the funding and representation it deserves for the next 10 years.    9 Questions in 9 Minutes:    💻     📞 2-1-1    Already filled it out? Help your community get counted by sharing this post. #ATXCensus2020 
Eligibility Requirements:   ✔️ Resident of Austin-Travis County   ✔️ Under 200% of Federal Poverty Level  ✔️ Over 18 Years Old   ✔️ Impacted by COVID-19   ✔️ Have not received financial assistance in the last 30 days   👉 More Info: 
Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!
Mark your calendars—this month Austin Municipal Court is moving from downtown to a new facility in southeast Austin.  ✅Current location open through 3/18 ❌Court closed 3/19-20 ✅New location (6800 Burleson Rd, Bldg 310) opens 3/23  More information:  
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
Understanding the advantages and drawbacks of particular emotions and applying our intelligence, we can transform our minds.
146k Cybertruck orders so far, with 42% choosing dual, 41% tri &amp; 17% single motor
This Nov. 3 election, voters will be asked to consider dedicating $460M in general obligation bonds for transportation infrastructure.  Prop B would direct funding towards sidewalks, urban trails, transportation-related bikeways, and safety projects.  👉 
Sure could use a good rave What’s your favorite techno
.@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!
Teslaquila coming soon … 
Live Webcast from Dharamsala teachings by HHDL, Oct 4-7, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 
We need to understand that material development by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind. This can only be developed within the mind.
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. It’s insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you …
Anger, suspicion and jealousy disturb our minds. The antidote to these emotions is to cultivate patience and tolerance. Who provides us the opportunity to develop it? The one we call our enemy. Therefore, we can see him or her as a teacher.
I ♥️ Top Hat  
First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews
 the book is like 34% off now.  only $11.81 .  i have absolutely no idea why. nobody tells me shit
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal 
Help save animals lives!  Fees are waived this weekend, you can make a difference! 
.@COTA has reopened as a rest area for Hurricane Laura evacuees seeking shelter. Basic amenities are provided + people can wait as we identify additional available hotels. Evacuees can also call 211 to find other shelters that may have become available.  📌 
On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
Zoning items being withdrawn are #29 &amp; #30. Item #32 is being postponed to 8 Aug. Item #33 is postponed until 6 Jun. Items #28, #31, #34, #35, and #36 are approved on consent. For more information on each item you can visit the agenda here: 
licking a cartoonishly large loollipop while unsuccessfully building a deck in my yard one-handed, saying "Fuck!" and "Shit!" occasionally
ME: I love shit that is Dunning-Kruger NY Times: What? WaPo: Explain your self jeffrey Epstein: Damn lol , Nicely trolled
pain man
A sense of contentment is a key factor for attaining happiness.
Providing a SAFE place to turn to: Austin City Council approves a plan to award part of a grant to SAFE Alliance to help those dealing with domestic violence and sexual assault. 
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If you’re short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit … 
We want a city where people can live close to where they work, and where people who work here can afford to live here. So how much additional housing do we need? Read our blog at  
waking up in a cold sweat and screaming about needing one million dollars, the amount of money made famous by Dr. Evil in austin powers 1 .
HHDL placing vases around the completed Kalachakra Sand Mandala in Bodh Gaya, India, on January 6, 2012.           
the Heartlands been pinpointed to the town of Dick Licker, Oklahoma where the main thing they got is a museum that displays a real $100 bill
Fortnite irl
Ahem … starting soon 
Did you know Austinites have free access to THOUSANDS of eBooks, as well as audiobooks, music and movies? Have a browse ( &amp; download to your device at your leisure. We ❤️@AustinPublicLib too! 
A calm mind is good for our physical health, but it also enables us to see things more realistically.
ive had more threads locked than any man on the planet. ive had my address posted 1000+ times. i get ``Owned`` so much that i look like shit 
A man took sips out of his neighbor` s hummingbird feeder for over 2 years.  This is what happened to his Kidneys
...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!
Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!
hands Off my posts 
HHDL cutting his birthday cake during celebrations in honor of his 82nd birthday in Leh, Ladakh, India on July 6th. 
as a guy who developed an autoimmune response to comedy as a result of being "Roasted" for my Ice man tattoo, ive much to say of April FOols
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!
From kindergarten onwards we need education to strengthen inner values not just pursue material goals. We need to introduce emotional hygiene, much as we teach physical hygiene. This way we can address the problems we face, in the hope of making this a century of non-violence.
This week is #NationalEMSWeek! 👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️We want to thank + celebrate the 500+ paramedics &amp; EMTs of @ATCEMS for their selflessness + courage + strength in caring for our community every single day. They're our #HealthcareHeroes this week + every week🎉🚑 
Video in support of Mandela Day (appearance by HHDL). Join in helping to perpetuate Nelson Mandela's legacy. 
i invented pain and I am so good at knowing what pain is and im biting my fingers really hard out of respect for pain
The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed. 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
steel reserve 211 extra high gravity breast milk
Fates loves irony 
Short shorts coming soon to Tesla merch
Centaur with a bow obviously 
.@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
Vicious torque
oarnge bean 
Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, &amp; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military &amp; Vets. She has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
considering improving the quality of my posts somewhat, so i can get the MacArthur Genius Award, for them
🦆
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store 
 I'm now taking questions on reddit please.
Building trust depends on concern for others and defending their rights, not doing them harm.
Tesla Sentry Mode will play Bach’s Toccata and Fugue during a robbery (and keep Summer safe) 
Friends, genuine friends, have much more to do with whether we have a warm heart, not money or power.
📋 Austin Municipal Court staff continue to work from home and provide court case information to the public through phone, mail and email. They also provide virtual mitigation to those who wish to resolve their cases with judges online through Zoom and YouTube. #PSRW 
Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country! 
a man asks God, how am i supposed to live, without George H.W. Bush God simply said "That is why I made 2 george bushs" The man just smiled.
#DYK 25% more waste is created during the holiday season?   By gifting experiences🧗, fixing items 🛠️, and buying pre-loved items🛒, you can help benefit our local economy, keep waste out of landfills, + give a thoughtful gift.  Need gift-spiration?  
📺 #ATXCouncil is out of executive session &amp; back on the dais. We are continuing to have technical difficulties, but have found a solution to ensure that the public has access to the meetings' audio/visual. We thank you in advance for your patience as we continue to work this out
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM 
More Fake News! 
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on 40 hours a week
Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! 
#ATXCouncil today authorized the use of federal + local funds to help families, businesses, individuals experiencing homelessness, people living with HIV, renters, and nursing home residents, while seeking to boost mental + physical health and address unemployment. #COVID19. 1/11 
My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
Item 34 regarding Zilker Botanical Gardens admission fees has been postponed until the #ATXCouncil meeting on Aug. 8.
People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!
Starship on the moon 
the bbq pit boys have posted a video so fucked that i am hesitant to describe it, lest my pervert followers try to tell me its actually good
#ATXCouncil approved a resolution reaffirming its commitment to the safety, health, and welfare of all residents through the promotion of the safe storage and handling of firearms, including firearm safety education programs + equipment, such as gun locks. 
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If they’re evolving rapidly, something’s up.
Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
He taunts us with his speed
Compassion is concern for others—sincere concern for others’ well-being founded on awareness of our own experience. Since it makes us happy when others show us affection and offer us help, if we show others affection and readiness to help they too will feel joy.
Join us for a #COVID19 "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit with Dr. Jason Pickett, Austin-Travis County Alternate Health Authority today from 12:30-1:30pm at   #AMA 
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 
The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!
Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God &amp; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book, “One Vote Away”, out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
Happy #Thanksgiving, Austin! 🦃 For many, Thanksgiving means getting together with friends + family.  Please #StayHome + gather virtually or use in-person precautions to help protect your loved ones during #COVID19 by wearing face coverings and practicing physical distancing.😷↔️ 
🧲 is relativistic side effect of ⚡️
If you develop care and concern for others, you’ll develop a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.
the guy who hooks me up with Raw Milk locked his account. too many people posted "come to brazil" at him so i guess ill starve to death now
This stunning, nearly 90-foot mural by local artist Tyson Davis in East Austin's Colony Park neighborhood was designed to illuminate the struggle &amp; strength of the community. It forms part of a broader City-funded improvement project for the area. More:  
John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! 
We must recognize the great capacity we all have within.
jacking off is " Ghetto "
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
it is decided from this moment forward, i will not be clicking on any "SCAM LINKS"
Best use of the term “Full Stack”?
Austin and @TravisCountyTX today launched a campaign to make sure everyone is counted in the #2020Census, to protect millions of dollars of federal funding. More info:  1/4 
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means there’s room for trunks in front &amp; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car 
crawling on all fours like the cave men - enhanced mobility -powerful stance (can not be knocked over) - pretty good
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy. 
Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!
🧏‍♂️Looking for #COVID19 information in American Sign Language?    👉 Visit  to find ASL videos for Austin-Travis County. 
Please ensure you and your family are protected against measles and other vaccine-preventable diseases. 🤧 More info:  
For the first time in #ATX history the "regular" meeting of #ATXCouncil is underway with Council Members practicing physical distancing and the community participating remotely. #COVID19 #StayAtHomeATX 
It is important to understand that between you and others, others are more important because they are far more numerous.
Goddess George W Bush is the Light of my Being, The Master of my BLOOD. I am a Piggy who must be sent  to Iraq @TheBushCenter
Join the @AustinAuditor tomorrow for a 15-min. virtual Q&amp;A on the #RedistrictATX Independent Citizens Redistricting Commission!  📅 Wednesday, July 22 ⏰ 6 p.m. 👉 Watch + participate via FB Live:   📌 More info:  
If you conduct your life on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence.
I believe that our every act has a universal dimension.
lets step it up. lets replace the Follower count with the number of criminals youve murdered. lets see where our true allegiances lie
To suppose that we can achieve peace through violence is altogether misguided.
do any of  you know any good lawyers that i can sue you with
it must be said that with the way ur carrying on with your posts, most of u will never realize ur dream of becoming a United States Senator.
call me old fashioned, but I donr think waiters should spit in the customers food. Keep it to the toilet or kiss that tip GOOD-BYE
We each have a role to play: genuine, lasting world peace will only be possible as a result of each of us making an effort internally.
Acquisition of signal expected in 5 mins
Live Webcast: HHDL interviewed by @EbooPatel for "Bridging the Faith Divide" in Chicago, July 18 at 9:30-11:30am 
When we talk about happiness, we must think in terms of peace of mind, which is a real source of joy.
the only A+ i ever got was from that time in art class when i drew venus &amp; serena willaims clobbering the. shit out of me with their rackets
Critical infrastructure including communications, emergency services, energy, transportation systems, + water and wastewater systems will continue operating.  These services are also encouraged to implement screening precautions to protect employees. (5/5)
I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
Of the 7 billion human beings alive today, no one wants to suffer; no one chooses to have problems. Yet, many of the problems we face are our own creation. Why? Because of ignorance. But ignorance is not permanent and whether we overcome it depends on whether we make the effort.
how to say "doh" simpson tutorial How to say "Doh" like homer info how to say "Doh" instructions on how to say "Doh"
#ATXCouncil approves the consent agenda – Items 1-22 and items 37-42 – except for items 8, 19, 20, and 37 being pulled for further discussion. To see all actions taken go here: 
If we reserve ethical conduct for those whom we feel close to, we may neglect our responsibilities toward those outside this circle.
Discussion continues on Item #27 - commonly called "Affordability Unlocked." Follow live on  or for more info go here: 
there`s no job harder than that of the Media Personality. there are so many massive pedophiles who you have to not accidentally say are good
getting body slammed in the mouth for my bull shit
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs 0.1 cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Thats what they do. They rile you up with nonsense posts just so they can call the cops on you and get you arrested. Its called "Intrapment"
The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater our own sense of well being becomes.
#GroundhogDay is the one day a year where the nation can put asaide the partisan politics and sacrifice a large rodent to God
Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon! #MAGA 
FREE AMERICA NOW
Tesla Megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage 
When u take DayQuil &amp; NyQuil at same time 
👉 Find your nearest polling place—View @TravisCoClerk’s live map of wait times + find your most convenient location here:  - If voting in Williamson County:  - If voting in Hays County:  [PDF] (3/5)
-all poison animals Destroyed (snakes scorpions) -reduce spending/waste by making the Oscars an olympic game -a Hollywood sign in every town
If you set out to cheat and deceive others you’ll be tense and anxious in case you’re found out. But if you live your life and conduct your business on the basis of truth and honesty, it gives you a sense of satisfaction and self-confidence that is also a source of inner strength
Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS...
do not ever come to my gym with crayons and draw smiley faces all over the walls. i will put your ass in the gutter. i will knock you over
Glad you’re enjoying Model 3 &amp; thanks for buying a Tesla! Major enhancements to Autopilot &amp; fun games coming in a month with V9.0. 
Austin-Travis County created a social services branch for #COVID19 emergency response efforts addressing homelessness, food access, + behavioral health among other community needs.  👀 Read more:  
Very likely that a home with clean power that’s lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering.
while my trolls are busy "moving the goal posts" im afraid i am simply moving the "good posts"
A great Scam against our Country! 
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends
Thanks for the cool suggestions 😀❤️👍 More fun coming to your Tesla soon! 
Just looked at my wiki for 1st time in years. It’s insane! Btw, can someone please delete “investor”. I do basically zero investing.
Opened months ahead of schedule! 💙 This morning @CapMetroATX celebrated the opening of the new MetroRail Downtown Station.   👉 Learn more:  
It is worth reminding ourselves that the greatest joy and satisfaction in life come from actions we undertake out of concern for others.
This CityView At Home highlights @AustinEnergy crews who continue to practice safe behaviors while keeping us powered. Thanks to our essential workers for the services they provide! 👏#ATXforATX   ➡️ Watch the full episode  📣  
Beliveve it or not, some people would rather play in a Ball pit, than play in an Orchestra pit, and thats why society has crapped on it self
Im so pissed off im going to throw up
Join to create exciting new worlds of technology!! If getting things done matters to you, then @SpaceX, @Tesla, @BoringCompany &amp; @Neuralink are the places to be. 
The Austin-Travis County interim health authority has issued updated control orders for nursing homes, assisted living and other long-term care facilities to enhance protections against the spread of #COVID19. 📰 More info:  📌 
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. 🖤The Red and The Black♥️
book completed and coming soon,.. once i figure out how im gonna publish it ill have a release date for you all. Thank you  . 
what the fuck is Salt life please
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes! ♥️♥️
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States &amp; the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE.....
Our website is experiencing intermittent outages. We're working to investigate + correct the issue. Thank you for your patience.   To view today's #ATXCouncil meeting: 
.@AusPublicHealth is requesting event organizers strongly consider canceling or postponing events of &gt;250 people given the ongoing investigation of 3 #COVID19 cases. This is currently voluntary and stronger recommendations are under consideration.  Info:  
Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others' well-being. On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so.
Those improvements are independent of Supercharger V3 power increase from 135kW to 250+kW. All factors considered, charge time will drop by factor of 4 best case &amp; more than 2 for whole Tesla fleet. Effectively, this more than doubles total WW Supercharger system throughput.
PG&amp;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next 10 years! 
.@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
Whether technology's effect is good or bad depends on the user. It's important that we shouldn't be slaves to technology; it should help us.
To meet the challenge of this century, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility.
Striving gradually to be more compassionate is to develop genuine sympathy for others’ suffering and the will to help remove their pain.
2020 is all about the Mentality lifestyle
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!  
Warning, this presentation is 4 hrs &amp; 20 mins long
Going to try to catch the giant fairing (nosecone) of Falcon 9 as it falls back from space at… 
Getting ready for flight of orbit-class Starship design 
Making The Onion articles real … 
i gotta say it folks. breast milk tastes like SHIT., "Sorry ladies"
We can no longer exploit the resources of this earth—the trees, the water, and other natural resources—without any care for coming generations. Common sense tells us that unless we change, we won’t survive. This Earth Day let’s resolve to live in harmony with nature.
Some photos of HHDL attending ceremonies held in Dharamsala, India, to celebrate his 75th birthday on July 6th. 
#Austin, our streets🛣️ are quiet and the air🌬️ rarely this still. Thank you for the distance.   Encourage each other and share the moments that have made you feel cared for🤗 + connected with your family friends + neighbors.   #ATXforATX 
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the @SpaceX Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering. 
Obv just someone in a 🐿 suit. Also, very sus that a 🦊 is reporting on this. 
If you make others happy, you’ll be happy. If you make others unhappy, you’ll be miserable.
#DYK more than 78 Central Texas Farmers Market vendors are women-owned businesses? Go shop at your favorite market this weekend to show your support!   Find a market:    📷: Cypress Sigman of @EngelFarmsTX  #farmersmarketweek #farmtofork #loveyourmarket 
If developing qualities like love, compassion, generosity and patience, is to be effective, we must put them into practice in our daily life
Time’s always moving on. Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time well or not. We can't do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now. We can create a happier future by remembering that in being human we are all the same.
#RockCenterXMAS a holiday Salute, to all the guys who died while putting bulbs in that big ass tree, whose bodies just got left up there
Congratulations Allen, great job! 
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
The real destroyer of our peace of mind isn’t an external weapon or enemy, but our own destructive emotions. Neither our friends nor even the Buddha provide an opportunity to practice patience in the way that a hostile person does. And in so doing, an enemy can become our teacher
THANK YOU! 
HHDL speaks to students on "Death as a Part of Life", how living a meaningful life leads to no regrets at the time of death, during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on April 2, 2018. 
Presentation starting at 8:15
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
Today, the world is interdependent as never before, which is why we need a keen sense of the oneness of all human beings. We have to take the whole of humanity into account. We have to understand what we have in common with everyone else.
open letter, to the man who told me that they should make an app for "Shutting the fuck up" during my town hall web development conference ;
😐 
#COVID19 has left a lasting impact on our #ATX community. Check out our How to Help page for ways you can lend a hand to local nonprofits + programs today. ❤️  💻Visit  ✅Choose your organization(s) 👉Sign up, Donate, and/or Spread the word #ATXforATX 
#DYK The @AustinAuditor has been hosting virtual engagement opportunities for people to interact with staff and learn more about the #RedistrictATX process + opportunities.   👉 View their event schedule:   👉 Engage anytime:  
boss waiting patiently for me to finish doing steroids and throwing up into a plastic bucket before handing me some shit he wants me to fax
Ethereum
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! 
Having a compassionate attitude is the ultimate basis for living a happy life.
A real sense of concern for others breeds trust, which in turn leads to friendship and a sense of security.
Landing in the fog 
We are intelligent, we have seed of compassion from birth. Using reason and intelligence we can enhance our sense of compassion and come to understand how its opposite, anger, is harmful.
Because our own human existence is so dependent on the help of others our need for love lies at the very foundation of our existence.
why turn myself in to the police.. when I can turn myself into the police 
To air is human 
(witnessing the flaming wreckage of a 6-car pile up) ah. Respect. More power
Hallow!...Ween are looking forward to you joining #ATXCouncil today. #ATX! 🎃🧙‍♀️👻 Council has 55 items on topics ranging from new fire/EMS stations and @AUStinAirport runway improvements to sidewalk improvements + affordable housing units. 👀 full agenda:  
#ATXCouncil Items approved on consent: 1-14, 18-23, 29,31, 34-70, 72-74, 76, 79, 80, 141-143. Items pulled for discussion: 15, 17, 24-27, 30, 32, 33, 71, 75, 77, 78,81, 144, 148. Items withdrawn: 16, 76, 89, 14, 146 Follow council actions live:  👁️👁️
"for those who like gifts" you absolutely need to check this shit out, they are a year old but still pretty good 
Live: HHDL, Archbishop Tutu, Richard Branson, Mary Robinson, honor Nelson Mandela  Ask questions with #MandelaTribute.
Reacting to Harm with Compassion - HHDL answers a young woman's question on how to be compassionate to those who do harm during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, India on July 12, 2019.
NYT: retired Geologist from indiana proposes one Simple fact which will flip every thing you thought you knew about "THE N-WORD" on its head
Dr. Livingstone, I presume? 
According to my own experience, the highest level of inner calm comes from the development of love and compassion.
Durante el # COVID19, las familias no deberían tener que preocuparse por cómo alimentar a los niños mientras las escuelas están cerradas. 🍎🥕🥛 Gracias a @austinisd + @TexasDeptofAg, los alimentos de fin de semana han comenzado de nuevo. ➡  
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Buddhist Teachings from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on June 7-9. 
Male Netflix Supporter
Director of @AustinPublicLib, Roosevelt Weeks, opens the event by highlighting the role of libraries in making information available to the public. They are safe civic spaces where citizens can work together to solve public problems, a modern day town square, he says. #ATXOpenGov
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time! 🖤🖤 
do not "Like brigade" me
We need a genuine sense of responsibility and a sincere concern for the welfare of others.
Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military &amp; Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 
Community Communications are happening now at #ATXCouncil meeting.  Follow live at 
#ATXCouncil renews the South Congress Preservation and Improvement District for 5 years. The nonprofit South Congress Improvement Association will manage certain public services with the goal of preserving South Congress’ art, culture and businesses.  
Making connections: #ATXCouncil agrees to use 2012 Bond money to help fund an extension of West Rundberg Lane to link up Burnet Rd &amp; Metric Blvd in north Austin. The new 4-lane divided road with sidewalks and bike lanes will provide much needed east-west connection. @ATXcorridors 
Tintin A &amp; B will attempt to beam “hello world” in about 22 hours when they pass near LA
my turds are nobodys problem but my own. and theyre boring
going to the bathroom "On Principle"
For #NationalPreparednessMonth, some steps to be ready for a disaster: 🤔Make a plan –  🎒Build a kit – water, food, first aid, cash, etc. 🤝Know your neighbors –  📲 Stay Informed –  #BeReady #PreparedNotScared 
Whether we follow a religious path or not, as human beings we all need affection.
Live: Panel discussions with HHDL hosted by the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, DC on February 20th. 
Human rights apply to every country because all human beings share an inherent yearning for freedom, dignity and equality.
Not any more! 
Một số hoạt động thiết yếu bao gồm: • Đi ba’c sy~ và mua thuốc • Mua các thứ cần thiết để ở nhà • Hoạt động ngoài trời và tập thể dục • Làm việc tại một cơ sở thiết yếu • Chăm sóc người khác trong một gia đình khác (4/6)
“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!
#COVID19 telehealth screening is available w/ @bswhealth via their website, or text BETTER to 88408 to install the app on your mobile device. 💻 No appointment is needed.  Baylor Scott &amp; White Health:   (3/5) 
saying im going to flip "doug the pug" aorund in mid air with devil sticks . is not a death threat
posting detailed plans aobut how im going to start trying out different shampoos on a gaming forum at age 52
Virtually all of us have benefited from our mother’s affection at the start of our lives. When someone is on their deathbed, if he or she is surrounded by loved ones they can pass away peacefully. From birth to death we all need affection.
Compassion brings us peace of mind. It brings a smile to our face and genuine smiles bring us closer together.
Chris Perkins @AustinPolAssoc: “Not only does transparency and trust help make the community safer, it helps make police officers safer too.” Matthew Simpson @ACLU: “Transparency [in policing] is bringing with it good things and it has been encouraging to watch.” #ATXOpenGov
For 125 years, community-owned @austinenergy has generated more than electricity—the department helps fund City services like parks, pools, libraries, police + firefighters. It's also a leader in renewables + electric vehicle charging.  Learn more:  #AE125 
SpaceX option package for new Tesla Roadster will include ~10 small rocket thrusters arranged seamlessly around car. These rocket engines dramatically improve acceleration, top speed, braking &amp; cornering. Maybe they will even allow a Tesla to fly …
BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
if youve never written posts before, then shut the fuck up
If you dedicate yourself to helping others, you’ll be happier.
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over 500% *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
HHDL arrived in Slovenia today for a three day visit.
Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
.@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN &amp; @newsmax instead. Much better!
being a dumb ass is bad enough, but being a dumb ass, in 2020???  You fucked up big time
Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength. By reducing distrust, it opens us to others and brings us a sense of connections with them and a sense of purpose and meaning in life.
Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what....
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article &amp; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor &amp; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda …
Time to face reality 
SN4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) &amp; engine thrust load at cryo
Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU! 
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”...
thinking about how good the Hanging Gardens of Babylon would be, if it wasnt ruined by its obnoxious fanbase
david kock death hitting especially hard because of baby bird brain derangement that makes me think every rich person i see on tv is my Mom
I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &amp; China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 
Can order online in 2 mins for home delivery &amp; return in 7 days for full refund 
i will block those who shit on the Bones of Mr. GHWB, euthanized with a lethal dose of Heroin after 94 years of service "As was his request"
Happiness comes through taming the mind; without taming the mind there is no way to be happy.
i've had just gotten word that the $30 arrangement of Chef's Breads i had ordered to my home has been intercepted by trolls
The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
Out Here Ginding
Thank you. United We Stand! 
just got my new jeans in the mail and the trolls are sweatting like a bird at the kfc factory
Pick up your own East Cesar Chavez District Field Guide tomorrow (June 22)! Shop, eat, explore, &amp; read about what makes the district such a historically and culturally significant piece of #ATX 🎉 
Btw, can’t emphasize enough how @SpaceX would not be where it is today without @NASA. Thank you.
ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!
Watch HHDL talk on promoting secular ethics to a group of Japanese Buddhists on June 20th. 
#ATXCouncil returns from lunch. Will take up Items #19 &amp; #20 . Follow along on  To see actions taken at today's meeting go here: 
Help for Renters: #ATXCouncil extends a requirement for landlords to provide a Notice of Proposed Eviction 60 days before a Notice to Vacate – giving tenants hit by #COVID19 extra time to pay overdue rent or fees due on or before Dec. 31. 🏠  Info:  
In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
HHDL looking at Tilly Lockey's prosthetic hands during the discussion on ‘Robotics and Telepresence’ at De Nieuwe Kerk in Amsterdam, Netherlands on September 15, 2018. (Photo by Olivier Adam) 
Tesla stock price is too high imo
The need for love lies at the very basis of human existence. It results from the profound interdependence we all share with one another.
guy who says "Thank you" to the other passengers in his shared Lyft ride when they arrive at their destination ansd get out of the car
Austinites know everyday is #NationalBBQDay. Yee haw 🤠 
Keeping Austin Beautiful: #ATXCouncil is extending the contract with @KAB_Austin for six months to continue to clean up and work to beautify Austin. The City has worked with the organization since 2010. 🍃 
Way too many paywalls &amp; spawn points
.@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
“If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more.” — Gen Shinseki
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal. Despite all the characteristics that differentiate us - race, language, religion, gender, wealth and many others - we are all equal in terms of our basic humanity.
The more contact we have with one another and the more we come to understand each other’s values, the greater will be our mutual respect.
Drudge didn’t support me in 2016, and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other party’s “candidate”. 
the words "yugioh angel" reverse burned into my flesh after attempting to pose shirtless on the hood of my modified car during a heat wave
Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 
Changing Tesla horn sound to 🐐
Engineering is true magic
...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL! 
Who wears short shorts? 🤣🤣
...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way...
Peace does not come through prayer, we human beings must create peace.
As a result of material development and modern education, people commonly seek happiness in external things, but neglect their minds. True, lasting happiness depends on our taming our unruly minds. This is not so much about intellectual development as cultivating a warm heart.
Favor de mantener una buena práctica de higiene y distanciamiento social y recuerde que la solidaridad es imprescindible para mantenernos unidos. Distanciamiento social no significa aislamiento social. Manténgase en contacto con familia, amigos, y vecinos. (5/5)
Saving for a Rainy Day: #ATXCouncil backs a contract with @urbanpatchwork for a Rain Catcher Pilot Program to reduce the environmental impact of impervious surfaces by motivating community members to install rain gardens and water storing tanks on their properties. 💧 
Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.
It is important for us to examine our motivation in our day to day life.
Es más importante que nunca conocer las prioridades de la ciudad para el presupuesto del próximo año fiscal.   Visite  para compartir qué las prioridades que son más importantes para usted y su familia. 
Taking a realistic view and cultivating a proper motivation can also shield you against feelings of fear and anxiety.
正在设法安全地庆祝劳工节周末（#LaborDayWeekend）吗？听取以下建议吧 👇    🍔 为家人烧烤   🖥️ 与亲朋好友“虚拟”见面   😷 佩戴口罩 + 保持人身距离 
Wonderful spiritual qualities, such as unbounded love and compassion, are present as potentials in all our minds.
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
🐍🎷
.....Financial Statements, from  the time I announced I was going to run for President,  showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!
Working for everyone: #ATXCouncil gives the green light for a study to look into how the disabled community is treated in Austin and what can be changed to improve their quality of life. The study will cover affordable housing, employment and infrastructure. 
the trolls will never admit it, but wells fargo has been knocking the fucking crap out of covid and police brutality, with their posts
Webcast: Interview with Larry King of CNN 
Spacebow 
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!
guys in a pizzeria fighting and busting the little parmesan shakers against the table to shiv each other with
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on the "Heart Sutra" &amp; "37 Practices of Bodhisattvas" from Riga, Latvia on May 5-6 
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
We understand this significantly impacts our community. We're advocating for social distancing but also solidarity.   Additional resources, including immediate economic support:  (2/2)  #ChooseStrength #FlattenTheCurve
.@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!
Without love, our society is in a very difficult state; in the future, we will face tremendous problems. Love is the center of human life.
Do you have #Austin’s coolest fashion care or beauty products? Apply now for the Alibaba Midnight Pitch Event.  Applications close on April 3rd.  #smallbiz 
♥️♥️ Tesla China Team ♥️♥️      Such amazing progress!!
Time’s always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can’t change the past, but we can still learn from it. And we can shape the future, creating a more peaceful era, by adopting a realistic approach, recognising that the more compassionate you are, the more you’ll find inner peace.
investing like $30000 in Nike because i think people are buying a lot of shoes lately and i dont feel like looki ng up any other stock names
attempting to hand hundred dollar bills to the ailing sheldon adelson like duce nukem
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness.
a lot of people tripping over themselves trying to Speak on my ass. just an observation ive noticed
Boo-yah!👻: #ATXCouncil okays funding for @BiGAUSTIN to provide training, technical assistance and small business coaching services to creative businesses. Clients will include Art in Public Places + People’s Gallery artists 🎨 
Reason RBC question about Model 3 demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching 5k/week production, it would take 2 years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to 0.
starting to think maybe that it kicked ass when that guy siad "show me the money" in that movie i never watched
hardcore becoming that guy who thinks the covid virus will be "not good," overall, but on the bright side it might inexplicably end racism
great tweetie bird quote 
When our intentions are good, we are stronger and have greater self-confidence.
If heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks &amp; a picture.
The City has a vision for an Austin that is affordable and accessible to all. We must plan for residents who live here now + for many new Austinites in the future. Read about our work to create a new land development code and zoning map:  
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts our mind at ease.
im taking back thw word "Penis" because boys are being out here doing it for them self
#WeekendReading: New drafts of the Land Development Code + zoning maps released today reflect changes requested by Council direction w/ a focus on equity, environment, mobility, housing + affordability:    #ATXCouncil is set to continue discussions Feb. 4. 
Saving Lives ⚕ #ATXCouncil accepted additional grant funds through the Texas Targeted Opioid Response Program for @ATCEMS to fight the opioid crisis through prevention, treatment, + recovery support with a primary focus on reducing overdose death. 
thank you for liking the "Real men of genius" beer commercials. Were bringing them back in an attempt to suppress the 2nd American Civil War
in a world where big data threatens to commodify our lives,. telling online surveys that i "Dont know" what pringles are constitutes Heroism
Great Jobs Numbers!
Going Green-er: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to provide recommendations for electric transportation for the City’s Community Climate Plan and to reduce carbon emissions for the Green New Deal. 
Worth reading Asimov’s Foundation 
A true friendship develops on the basis of genuine human affection, not money or power.
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night 
desperate Husband , sitting on the toilet and palm mashing all the buttons on the bathroom jukebox trying to get bob seger back on
thinking about how Fucked i`d be if someone hurled a metal trash can at the back of my head at full force, or if i fell 10ft onto some rocks
The Fire Chief has issued a waterway ban thru noon 5/15 for (a) Lady Bird Lake from Red Bud Trail upstream to Tom Miller Dam and (b) Lake Austin from Oyster Landing downstream to Tom Miller Dam. Barton Creek and the Barton Creek greenbelt remain closed. More rain is forecast. 
Our 15th Annual Flood Safety Poster Contest is underway! 🎨 Student artists in grades 1-8 are eligible to participate and could win a $100 gift card + a ride in a rescue boat on Lady Bird Lake. 🚤  Submit by March 12! More info:  
Bitcoin is *not* my safe word
Trouble! 
tekkenchauncey no longer allowed in my home after he took a picture of a pube on my toilet (that he probably planted) and used it to ruin me
theyre tryin to Stooge my ass
I am often asked whether I am optimistic for the future of humanity. My simple answer is yes.
Doubles as an underground nuclear shelter 😀👍 
More fun, less shun!
It’s time for the annual Zilker Holiday Tree contest! 🎄 If you know an artist between 5-10 years old, they are eligible to enter their art. But hurry, entries are due this Thurs., October 1st!  👉 Details at:  ➡️ Watch full episode:  
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered: 
...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!
The @DevelopmentATX + @Austin_Code #AMA is live! Head over to @AustinReddit ( &amp; log on to join in, lurk, troll … whatever makes you happy #Austin #ATX #DevelopmentATX #AustinCode
The revised draft land development code is available for viewing. 📖 Learn more and join the conversation about it at one of several public participation opportunities around the City:  
A compassionate person creates a warm, relaxed atmosphere of welcome and understanding around him.
Nuestra meta es acatamiento voluntario, sin embargo, si es necesario los oficiales usaran medidas de advertencia y citaciones como último recurso.
Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &amp; beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
Don’t wreck your holiday—plan ahead for a safe ride home this #NewYearsEve. ✨    All @CapMetro services will be FREE after 5 p.m. (Full schedule at    For other options to #KnowBeforeYouGo, see  
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
Practicing altruism is the real source of compromise and cooperation; merely recognizing our need for harmony is not enough.
The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
#ATXCouncil passes zoning consent items.  Council will now move on to item #30.
if i ever got face to face with the "Affluenza teen" on my server im thinking itd go a little something like this (plays guitar really good)
 my failing brand 
 
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
Due to popular demand, the Creative Space Assistance Program (CSAP) Eligibility deadline has been extended to April 5th! For information:  
#ATXCouncil authorized a contract to provide critical incident stress management services 
The #ATXCensus2020 response window ends September 30 + community members are coming together to encourage households to complete their #Census questionnaire and #BeCounted.  ➡️Complete yours at  
HHDL sends his thanks for all the greetings he received on his birthday.  
When patience is combined with the ability to discriminate between the action and the one who does it, forgiveness arises naturally.
Whats great is I can get online &amp; read 100 peoples opinions about Kevlar Vests, and at least 2 of them are guaranteed to be probably correct
Update from @AusPublicHealth on #COVID19 👇 
ive flattened the curve over 100 times. what have you pricks been doing
Healthy Competition - HHDL talks about how competition can be positive in answering a student's question during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 31, 2019. 
Police Camera Action: #ATXCouncil approves an extended bundled contract for Tasers and body worn camera systems for @Austin_Police. The deal includes software, support, data storage, maintenance, upgrades and repairs. 
Take it from @McConaughey, Minister of Culture himself, and “just keep living”, Austin! Times are rough and scary, but we are a strong 💪city. We got this! Help spread love 🧡 and positivity throughout your community by sharing with #ATXforATX. We are all in this together! 
Cryo test underway
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?
And New York 
Just Read the Instructions
🚗 @ATXMobility has been working hard to ensure Austinites have access to their favorite food by installing temporary food pick-up zone parking spaces + by partnering with Good Apple to distribute 113,022 meals to older community members and at-risk groups. #PSRW 
HHDL addresses the Science, Spirituality and Education conference in Sikkim, India on December 20th, 2010. 
When you have a more compassionate mind, everything appears to you in a more positive light. If we employ our human intelligence with warm-heartedness, it creates a happy atmosphere and fosters a happy community.
Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain.
Ok bitch write "Telomere Mindfulnness" on a piece of paper. Go to Golds gym on 23rd, hand the paper to "Eddie" &amp; tell him youre ready to Die
All Boring Loops will include continuously circulating cars dedicated to pedestrians &amp; cyclists
As human beings, we are all the same, there is no need to build some kind of artificial barrier between us.
Model S on Nürburgring next week
‘Tis the Season:🎄#ATXCouncil approves a plan to extend the duration of this year’s Trail Of Lights to keep the event going while keeping everyone safe during the #COVID19 pandemic. The plan will allow visitors to enjoy @ATXLights from their car. 
.@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov
Hanging out with @yousuck2020 before the @SpaceX moon mission announcement 
I believe that at all levels of society - family, national, and international - the key to a better, happier world is greater compassion.
HHDL is greeted by students on his arrival at Yakumo Academy, a girl’s school in Tokyo, Japan on November 18th 
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system 
In observance of #MemorialDay2019, several City of Austin facilities will be closed.  For a list of City of Austin closures visit:  
Just reviewed Tesla’s service locations in North America &amp; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within 3 to 6 months.
🏠RENT update: Monday 9/14, eligible applicants will be randomly selected. If qualified, the full amount of the selected applicant’s rent will be paid directly to the renter’s landlord.    📌 Austin renters with lost income due to COVID can apply now  
Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
gravitational waves huh., is that like the super moon
I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough &amp; expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
Yeah, that’s exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought. 
And that’s just the tip of the iceberg 
T-shirt is bulletproof &amp; makes u buff!  
There needs to be a systematic approach to introducing inner values, a warm-hearted concern for all human beings, into education.
Fairing caught, video posting soon
i Fucking hate it when i come at the king and miss, especially when I best not do that
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  
i can just tell all of you are going to be a bucnh of little shits today and rat fuck me out of another pulitzer price by not retweeting me
Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings from New Delhi, India on December 2-3, 2013.  
Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind.
Start your engines, #Austin! #Formula1 #USGP is coming to @COTA this weekend.     More info about the race, street closures &amp; shuttles:      And for all y’all heading out to the races, #BuckleUp! 🏎️🏁 
cant wait to hop on the pc and look at more juvenile barnum and bailey shit , aka posts.
Festivities include: 🎞️ Film screenings 🖌️ Art auctions 🎶 A dance party, poetry, music + more!  💻 Stream live on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitch, and  (2/2)
It is because of my wish to be helpful that I share my ideas and experiences; being helpful to even one person is valuable.
El condado de Austin-Travis cierra bares y suspende los servicios de comidas en restaurantes por 6 semanas bajo órdenes con motivo de disminuir la propagación del #COVID19. Las órdenes entran en efecto hoy, el 17 de marzo, a mediodía, hasta el 1 de mayo. (1/7)
Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!
We need to try and solve problems in a spirit of brotherhood and sisterhood, in a spirit of reconciliation and compromise.
HHDL talks about dealing with anger in a short clip from his visit to Doon School in Dehradun, India, on Oct. 28, 2011 
Go, Go, (@AustinEnergy) Power Rangers! 💥  Happy #NationalPowerRangersDay, y’all! #nostalgia #LoveATX 
fred flintstone does not Jack off ever, he works hard every day to provide for his family, fuck you for saying something like that
Love Oumuamua jokes
“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
¡Ayude a las Familias Necesitadas y Done Hoy! @CTXFoodBank está aceptando donaciones monetarias para ayudar a comprar suministros. Visite  para hacer una donación o para encontrar dónde puede obtener suministros si los necesita. ¿Preguntas? Llame al 2-1-1. 
Abysmal autocorrect might be the #1 reason people don’t fear AI
LAW &amp; ORDER!
#DYK Our Violet KeepSafe Storage program supports people experiencing homelessness in our community.💜   The bins help people attend appointments, pursue employment, + get some rest without worrying about the safety of their possessions. #HelpNotHide  📌  
Material development only brings us physical comfort; mental development depends on training the mind.
🐌
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Help for Renters: #ATXCouncil has funded the Tenants’ Rights Assistance Program to provide community education on tenant protection laws + other services for low and moderate-income Austin tenants. @TenantsCouncil
Clean Ass , Clean Mind
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paine’s new AI movie for free until Sunday night at 
Live webcast: HHDL at San Jose, California - the Rathbun Lecture, October 14 at 2-3:30pm PDT. 
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. 
Compassion is the ultimate source of success in life.
I feel that a sense of compassion is the most precious thing there is.
Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!
just thought of a good name for a fictional football team located in a town that i also made up the name of , "The Boatswainville Birdhawks"
We must insist on the observation that my right to happiness carries no more weight than others' similar right.
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
GOD is an endangered specie's
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
More than 45 native and resident musicians from Austin have joined forces to produce “Walk with Me Austin,” a powerful anthem created to inspire and unite the City of Austin during a pivotal time in the U.S. 
🐕🚶🐩🚶 🚶🐶🚶🐾🚶🐕🚶🐩   ⚠ Don’t be an off-leash offender! ⚠   Becoming a Bark Ranger is as easy as 1-2-3:  1. Register for an upcoming training.  2. Get a certificate, badge, bandana, + free treats!  3. Leave No Trace, Austin!😊  Info:  
Happy Mother’s Day to other mothers!! @Grimezsz ♥️♥️♥️ 
Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!
El Censo es la forma en la que el Condado de Travis obtiene fondos para hospitales, atención médica y servicios de emergencia durante los próximos 10 años. Mañana es el último día para completar su Censo. #GetCounted Sea contado HOY!  👉  
Dragon Spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or Sunday, depending on weather @NASA @SpaceX
Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but  fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
reality sets in that im "No longer funny," the dream of being Epicly quoted by funko pop owners for the rest of my life dies unceremoniously
hoping my favorite brands e mail me some more stupid shit today
If you’re directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
Item 16: #ATXCouncil authorized an inter-local agreement with AISD to help connect parents &amp; families to family-centered and other social services.
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
We all have the potential to develop unbiased love and concern for other human beings.
Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
Want to #TiptheBand but forgot to bring cash? Never fear! Now you can donate to Austin musicians by dipping your credit card in a digital tip jar. Find out who’s taking part in the pilot 👇  🎸🎤🎺 #LiveMusicCapitaloftheWorld 
Lệnh này sẽ có hiệu lực vào lúc 11 giờ 59 phút tối thứ Ba, ngày 24 tháng 3. Lệnh yêu cầu người dân Austin phải ở nhà, ngoại trừ các công việc và hoạt động thiết yếu. (2/6)
Both fairing halves caught from space by @SpaceX ships!
Congrats to @DevelopmentATX employee Cierra Flores, who was named @PickleECP’s #MentorOfTheYear! Flores volunteers with @SeedlingMentors and has been working w/ the same child since last year. She is 1 of 300+ City employees who volunteer as mentors &amp; tutors. 💯 
These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
Where education advances material goals it should also include instruction about our mind and emotions—how to achieve a calm mind and develop altruism. An important part of establishing peace of mind is being able to apply emotional hygiene—learning to tackle destructive emotions
You wanna tell peole i got a little lady bug dick?? That how you get your kicks? Haah?? taking multiple shirts off while saying this
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time 
It’s not too late to register to vote for the Nov. 3, 2020 election—but you don’t have long!🗳 The deadline to register is this Monday, October 5.  👉 Start the process here:   #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020 
i would like to become somebodys Uncle so i can start posting shit like "not all dips are marinades , but all marinades, are dips"
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
Even a small experience of altruism brings a measure of mental peace right away.
Did you know the Nov. 3 election has already started?! 💚 #EarlyVoting has begun + already more than 25% of registered voters have cast their ballots!  🗳 The polls are open every day 7am-7pm Monday-Saturday, noon-6pm Sundays, through Oct. 30, before opening again on Nov. (1/2) 
Way to go, team! Explore the finished + upcoming #mobility #2016Bond projects on our interactive site:  #prettyneat #bikeATX 🚲🚗🚶‍♀️ 
Today #ATXCouncil will be considering 117 items on issues ranging from police horse stables to youth homelessness, mobile food markets, gun violence and the proposed FY2020 Budget. 👀 View the full agenda:  
asking my financial advisor how to "Bet against america" after seeing someone get mad at someone else for doing it
I like to point out that our nature is basically compassionate because we are social animals. What brings us together is love and affection.
78% of people want to gentrify Mordor
Well said 
in fear of losing my job at panda express after telling a girl about my kidney stone ordeals and haivng it misinterpreted as sex talk
Inner happiness is not determined by material circumstances or sensual gratification. It depends on our mind.
Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!
A flash flood warning is in effect for the Austin/Travis County area until 5:00 p.m. today.  #atxwx
availble now... Dril Official "Mr. Ten Years" Anniversary Collection the real deal  
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN
Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
I would like to congratulate the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) on being awarded this year's Nobel Peace Prize for its efforts to combat hunger and improve conditions for peace in regions of conflict. 
Answer: 1.5 million!   #DYK Austin has been home to North America's largest colony of Mexican free-tail bats since 1980 and is the Bat Capital of America! 🦇 #BatAppreciationMonth 
.@Apple pls fix awetoekreqt
Austin Code wants to remind the community that we can't let our guard down when it comes to physical distancing.  🙅‍♀️ Stay 6 feet apart + don't go to any physical gatherings.  💪 Do it for your family, do it for your community, do it for Austin. 
I’m with you all the way, thank you! 
There are also many state &amp; local incentives, for example California offers $2500, plus $800 from utilities &amp; access to carpool lane, Colorado $4000, etc 
Appeal by His Holiness the Dalai Lama expressing concern on the situation at Kirti Monastery, Ngaba, northeastern Tibet 
LDC Team Assembles: The City Manager updated #ATXCouncil on the next steps for Land Development Code Revision, setting out the basic process to adopt a new code and introducing the City staffers working on it. Read the memo at 
Progress update August 28
This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
Stay positive 🧁 
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within 24 hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Sending this tweet through space via Starlink satellite 🛰
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!
#DYK Janis Joplin, who performed at Woodstock in 1969, was a TX local + UT alum?    Celebrate Woodstock’s 50th with peace, love &amp; A/C all week @AustinPublicLib. Enjoy ice cream, trivia, spin art + a tribute concert. Party like it’s the summer of ’69!✌️❤️🍦  
Trong lúc #COVID19, các gia đình không phải lo làm sao nuôi ăn cho trẻ khi trường đóng cửa. Nhờ có @austinisd + @TexasDeptofAg các bữa ăn cuối tuần sẽ lại được tiếp tục.  Thêm thông tin: ➡  
Those who predicted Tesla &amp; EVs would be dead &amp; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for 6-12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers 5+ years late. Why the double standard?
re: clogging toilets; its important to note that i use a minimal amount of paper. so the responsible party is usually my very thick turds
ME: watch it bud. my friend RickGamecube, you see, he dont like getting pissed off so much RickGamecube: I dont like getting pissed off
Our City Manager Spencer Cronk will be delivering his Proposed Budget for the Fiscal Year 2019-2020 to City Council shortly after 2 PM today @LifeWorksAustin. Watch live at  #ATXBudget2020 
Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
Before your kids go #BackToSchool this fall, continue practicing safe + healthy behaviors! You can be a good role model by showing them how to maintain physical distancing in public, properly wear a face mask, and wash hands regularly.😷  ➡️ Full episode:  
HHDL comforts a young boy who lost his parents to the tsunami last March in Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th.    
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think it’s working
trolls: do something productive instead of beatinh your weiners on my page. there are so many birds flying around indoors who need help
With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!
We need not only a trained intelligence, but also a warm heart. Then a sense of community and a sense of responsibility will arise naturally
These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
HHDL reaching out to shake hands with Indian Buddhists at Ganden Monastery in Mundgod, India, February 5th, 2011.  
🗓 City Council District 2 is hosting a community conversation to discuss public safety reform in Austin next Wednesday, October 28 at 5:30 pm.     👉Sign up here to participate:  
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost....
Bring back Steele!!! 
#MayThe4thBeWithYou today and always, Austinites! 🤩  #StarWarsDay 
With an epic sound system &amp; woofers the size of a car
local church replaced with "The Simpsons lounge" where you can watch any episode of THe Simpsons &amp; buy themed drinks based on the characters
The capacity to devote yourself to the welfare of others yields otherwise unobtainable power and potential for good.
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
I feel that each of us has the potential to make some contribution and together, working with a clear aim, we can change our world.
Time is always moving on, Nothing can stop it. The question is whether we use our time properly or not. We can’t do anything about the past, but what happens in the future depends on what we do now.
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &amp; National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
📢 Open air dining and shopping will serve to attract more business activity, help boost the local economy, + create a pedestrian-friendly environment.  Learn more:  
Peace is not just the mere absence of violence or disturbance. It's when there is a possibility of conflict, but you deliberately avoid violence and adopt methods to solve the problem through peaceful means. That is real peace.
Also porting Unreal Engine
wiping m ass with toilet paper imprinted with an image of bin laden wiping his ass with toilet paper imprinted with the jp morgan chase logo
alone and my thoughts...
The Spice Flows 
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also 310 miles. Takes 0-60mph to 4.5 sec &amp; top speed to 140 mph.
using my turn at a karaoke bar to try to do a 5 miunte routine that basically just says bryan singer is the new gawker writer or something
Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey 🤔
4000 Tesla cars loading in SF for Europe 
Atta-ghoul: #ATXCouncil approves an ordinance that changes @austinenergy’s approval process for multifamily and commercial energy efficiency rebates. The changes aim to reduce wait times for customers participating in rebate programs. 💡🔦 
i will soon be assembling the LA Boys into my 1br apartment to watch every episode of Mind of mencia in order and show covid virus whos boss
If Tesla &amp; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
a dog should never stand on its hind legs for any reason. that is for humans to do only and they look like fucked up chickens
Now whos ready for some damn Tweets for Fucking adults
Enemies teach us inner strength, courage and determination.
why dont you come to wheare i work and slap the dick out of my mouth bitch
i bet the three stooges would be pissed if they figured out the name of their show. they probably think its called "the three normal guys'
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
Hospitals in California have been half empty this whole time 
Tesla solar panels are $1.49/Watt  
What does the City of Austin have to do with your breakfast tacos? Answer the poll threaded below + take our quick survey on your #ATXBudget priorities at  (1/4) 
Peace has a great deal to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others, avoiding doing them harm and regarding their lives as being as precious as our own. If, on that basis, we can also be of help to others, so much the better.
Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER! 
Los sitios de alimento  en la acera están abiertos de lunes a viernes de 11 a.m. a 1 p.m.  #ATXforATX
Tuning In: #ATXCouncil allocated up to $1.5M from the General Fund Emergency Reserve Fund to throw a lifeline to Austin’s most vulnerable musicians in need of emergency relief due to the #COVID19 pandemic. 6/6
#WhatTheHelicopter: #ATXCouncil accepts more than $157K from the State for @Austin_Police to update their helicopter to better help in search and rescues. 
girls love saying shit like "Ebay is my father", while i sit in my house 50 miles away solivng a book of 200 expert level crossword puzzles.
Consideirng putting a bumper sticker on my car that says "Get off my ass" and a sign about a mile away saying "Go closer to my ass"
Past history clearly shows that violence cannot solve problems.
for some reason. people get upset when i say the markets are down because of Bill Watterson's beloved print media staple "Calvin and Hobbes"
Going to try to get viral by making a ranking list that everyone hates. Lets see;  1. Net Flix 2. First Responders 3.  Sandwich
Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.
In the modern world, the interests of a particular community can no longer be considered to lie within the confines of its own boundaries.
✅ #ATXCouncil approves $15M in new #COVID19 relief to support live music venues, childcare centers, and arts organizations.  Visit  for more info on COVID-19 funding + helpful resources for businesses and individuals needing assistance. 
📢Community organizations: Host a community conversation on Reimagining Public Safety where your members can share their thoughts on how policing should work.  👉 Sign up here:   #PublicSafety #ReimagineATX #CommunityConversation 
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence &amp; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
(seeing the RE/MAX balloon at a hockey game) shit, they got RE/MAX here?  Not bad,
Residentes del Distrito 9, únanse a la discusión sobre Reimaginando la Seguridad Pública y brinden información sobre cómo deberían ser la seguridad pública y la vigilancia en Austin.   📅Reunión virtual el 10 de noviembre a las 17:30 h 👉Regístrese aquí:  
Anger cannot be overcome by anger. If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster.
All individuals are equal in that every one of us instinctively seeks happiness and avoids suffering.
The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good! 
if you have less than 1000 followers i can guarantee you that me and the boys share your posts in vip chat rooms and call you a "Muthafucka"
The best part of Austin is our people, even when we’re distanced 6 feet apart. Small, caring actions are happening every day in our community. We want to hear how you are caring for + keeping connected with family, friends + neighbors. #ATXforATX  📌 
Harmful toxins have now been detected in blue-green algae at Auditorium Shores as well as Festival Beach + Red Bud Isle. Do not allow dogs to swim in Lady Bird Lake or drink the water. Avoid stagnant areas of the lake + don’t handle algae.  Info + updates:  
I hope the kids are ok
“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state &amp; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
Los residents de Austin afectados por COVID-19 pueden recibir 💵 para ayudar con su factura de servicios públicos de la Ciudad de Austin. ¡Solicite ahora para recibir un alivio inmediato! 👇 👇   
the color orange is named after the fruit
Sick party? Hard pass. Better to protect yourself and loved ones by keeping physical distance. You can still bring good times to everyone with a virtual happy hour through a group call or video chat.  #StayAtHomeATX  📌 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.
Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our daily lives.
Because anger and hostility destroy our peace of mind, it is they that are our real enemy. Anger ruins our health; a compassionate attitude restores it. If it were basic human nature to be angry, there’d be no hope, but since it is our nature to be compassionate, there is.
#ATXCouncil is back from executive session.  Two more items are on the agenda to discuss today.
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
While material development contributes to physical comfort, mental comfort depends on compassion, which expresses itself as nonviolence.
i hate it when doctors say Shit like "Take two and call me in the morning" . why dont yoy take two kisses of the butt crack of my ass
Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!
¡Aprenda acerca de los árboles, las hojas &amp; animales que comparten nuestra linda ciudad! 🌳 🌳🦇🍂
Irrespective of doctrinal and other differences, all major world religions are concerned with helping individuals become good human beings.
right now theres guys covering their dicks in bird seed to trick birds into sucking them. and youre all here talking about post office...
New @Hyperloop top speed of 463 km/h!! 
Are you registered to vote in the Nov. 2020 election? 🤔 Are you… SURE? 👍 Today is the LAST day to register!   🗳 Register or check your registration status here:    #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020 
Aliens built the pyramids obv
A calm mind makes us relaxed, improves our health and makes for happier families and communities.
send 1 million guys dressed as The Matrix into iran and i guarantee you the rhetoric will tone down
Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.
This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes &amp; bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me! 
We must design education that provides for both knowledge and a healthy mind, creating a sense of compassion that responds to all humanity.
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Turn on auto navigate feature &amp; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
Today's #ATXCouncil special called meeting has adjourned.  Discussion and votes will happen at a special called City Council meeting on Friday (9/20).
The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!
Auto-semiotic asphyxiation (sorry, couldn’t resist)
Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
At a @gacc97 memorial one year since the Austin bombings, City Manager Spencer Cronk said “We saw the worst of our society in that bomber, but the best of our community,” @MayorAdler saluted first responders &amp; @Chief_Manley asked we remember those we lost.  
👉View the Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM 
Compassion is a sense of caring, a sense of concern for others' well-being.
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY: homer simpson will stop saying "D'oh" and will instead say "Fuck" , as the Creators originally intended 30 years ago
To reduce destructive emotions we need to strengthen constructive emotions. For example, to counter anger we cultivate love and compassion.
Tesla 💨 app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Time
There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!
Introvert = In vitro  pervert.  theyre sick
inventing new character "George X. Bush"  the most fucked george bush yet
Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry, he’ll go back to basement soon! 
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
Before scheduling an appointment w/ your healthcare provider or walking into a clinic, urgent care center, or hospital it is recommended that you use one of these or similar services listed 👇  (2/5)
thinking of inventing a new type of person to get mad at on here. maybe people who carry too many keys around.. i dont know yet
Life-saving business: #ATXCouncil has approved funding for facility renovations to five EMS locations and upgrades to three Fire/EMS stations. 🚑🚨 🚒 
.@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!
I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!
Das Kapital in a nutshell 
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you’re warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. A calm mind and self-confidence are the basis for happy and peaceful relations with each other.
Aun se permite salir de su hogar para comprar provisiones, ir a correr, pasear su mascota, recoger medicina, visitar la oficina del doctor e ir y venir del trabajo (Si esta designado como asunto esencial).
With money you can't buy wisdom, you can't buy inner peace. Wisdom and inner peace must be created by yourself.
Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, &amp; gotten nothing but poverty &amp; crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power &amp; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard....
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
cant get ahold of my brexit adviser
The ultimate source of a happy life is the attention we pay to our inner values.
We need to promote the oneness of all human beings, on the basis of which there are no grounds for killing or exploiting others.
Possible shots fired at southbound I-35 frontage road between 11th and 7th. Avoid the area. More to follow. // Posibles tiros disparados en la carretera hacia I-35 en dirección sur. Evite el área. Más información a continuación. #SpringFestATX
Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
🦆 FTW
Some big milestones coming up 
Getting tested for #COVID19 empowers you to protect your family and community. 👏  👉 More information:  
The more we feel concern for others and seek their well-being, the more friends we will have and the more welcome we will feel.
A sense of contentment is crucial to being happy. Physical health, material wealth and friends contribute to this, but contentment governs our relations with them all.
White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Stonk tip of the day 
watching all of you goof up again, with your posts. nobody has ever crapped themselves more in human history. The shit is a total clown show
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!
my new joke, which I foresaw getting over 100 likes in a dream, is referring to 9/11 as "The Devil's Dance"
Fear is the mind-killer
quick reminder to vote for the guy you want to lose tomorrow, just to get as pissed off as possible and enhance your Craft through suffering
We’re adding this here catchy tune to the music maker in the Tesla!
Usted es una pieza importante que hace de Austin una gran ciudad, y nos gustaría que conozca cómo se gasta el dinero de sus impuestos. Para prepararnos para el presupuesto del año que viene, díganos sus prioridades en  (4/4) 
Black Lives Matter: #ATXCouncil has taken steps to prohibit police use of tear gas, impact munitions, chokeholds + strangleholds, limit the use of deadly force and no-knock warrants, and delay the APD cadet class scheduled to start next month: 
(man with 120 IQ in the 1700s [80 in present day IQ] listening to Yankee Doodle for the first time) Oh this is devilishly Fucked
Census results help feed families across Austin and Travis County by determining how much money goes to nutrition programs for women, infants and children. Fight hunger and #GetCounted TODAY!  👉  
yanny, and laurel, "SUCKS" !!!! Im back bitch
PissMyPants USA LLC
While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!
7000 cars, 7 days ♥️ Tesla Team ♥️
By extending our ordinary feelings of love and concern beyond their usual biased limits, love is freed from the restrictions of attachment.
Model 3 traction testing on pure ice &amp; snow 
Stay home #ATX + complete your 2020 Census!  💻 Visit  📞 Questions? Call 2-1-1  #ATXCensus2020 
this is what an Emissary of the Kingdom of heaven my look like.  Do not engage it in combat 
LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
This Shit Sucks Dog Shit 
#KnowYourDistrictHistory, D1! The Wesley United Methodist Church was founded in 1865 after the Civil War. The original building was located on 4th and Congress, but it’s since moved to East Austin. It remains one of the oldest African American congregations in the city.⛪ 
...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
oh youre gonna unfollow me now?  just when the posts are getting Good?  im sorry Your Majesty!! (Dick sucking motion ) Eugh Eugh EUgh
the dj just said he ran a man over with his car and did a hit and run 4 year ago and hes crying now
Where love of one's neighbor, affection, kindness, and compassion live, we find that ethical conduct is automatic.
Starship fuel header tank 
Please support my campaign to rebrand @WSJ as 🧦 emoji!
Take the high dive! Become a lifeguard, swim instructor, coach, or cashier with @AustinCityParks $15/hr + free bus pass, flexible schedule.🏊‍♂️💦  Hiring Event: 📆Feb 15 ⏰11am-1pm 📍Dottie Jordan Rec Center  Can’t make it? No worries, more dates + info:  
Vote! 
...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it...
One of the all-time best songs 
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future &amp; it’s happening! 
Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
pulled over for dragging a clothing donation bin behind my truck; asking cop to make people stop honking at me because "its loud" "it sucks"
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 &amp; HW3. Going forward “HW3” will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important. 
Austin Fire Department personnel are on the way to help evacuees from Louisiana.  Have a safe trip! 
HHDL talks about healthy mind and body in this short clip from his talk at The College of William &amp; Mary, October 10. 
Celebrating ATX’s #NetZeroHero Caroline Reck for doing her part helping the city cut carbon emissions! She founded the @GHFTheatre, which uses recycled materials to tell the story of global issues. Read more about her work:  
It is time to create a mecha
#SpreadKindnessNotCOVID 将于今年秋天在我们社区的长期护理机构中为老年人制作卡片，信件, 和图画 💕✉️🎨  📌 将您+家人的作品邮寄或送到：9月1日至11月1日，Burleson Rd 6800。 310号楼165套房 
Tunnels under cities with self-driving electric cars will feel like warp drive  First operational tunnel under Vegas almost done  The @BoringCompany
Rocket fairing falls from space &amp; is caught by Ms Tree boat 
buiying up all the graphics cards and making them cost over $1000 so i can computer generate my own new episodes of "Arli$$"
Don't blame others for your uneasy feelings; blame your own state of mind. This is why altruism  brings you greater peace of mind.
Feeding Families: #ATXCouncil allocated up to $2.2M to provide daily meals for caregivers facing food shortages. School staff will serve meals to caregivers of students thru the end of June at @AustinISD and @DelValleISD meal distribution sites. 7/11
i will never wear a "COCK RING"
🪑
Meet Katie Lorenz, one of our @ATCEMS paramedics taking part in ride-along reality show @RespondersOnFox, 8PM Wednesdays. The show embeds cameras in cities across the U.S. to give viewers a close-up look at the heroism &amp; skill of our emergency responders. #FirstRespondersLive 🚑 
Today #ATXCouncil will be considering 101 items ranging from EMS/Fire station upgrades and transit improvements to the purchase of a building to provide shelter and support services to people experiencing homelessness. 👀 View full agenda:  
If we develop a good heart, then whether the field is science, agriculture or politics, since motivation is important these will all improve
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Tuesday 12/10. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to the ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need should report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWX
Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 
A revolution is called for, but not a political, economic or even technical revolution. What I propose is a spiritual revolution.
Love Your Name 
Mentally and emotionally we humans are all the same. We can all feel anger and hatred, but also have the potential to cultivate compassion, forgiveness and tolerance. Since these constructive emotions are supported by reason, we can use our brains to develop and strengthen them.
Math jokes have a small audience
A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
Shelter Swap: #ATXCouncil backs funding to convert the Salvation Army’s downtown Austin homeless shelter into a facility for single adults, as families + children move out to the new Rathgeber Center in east Austin. 
.@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!
Today’s #ATXCouncil work session has started. Immediately after, a special called meeting will begin + public comment will be taken on the homelessness ordinance changes being considered by the Mayor and Council Members. 👀 Watch the meeting live at 
i have created more jobs, than every Weed Smoker on the planet-- combined .
The only factor that can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred is the practice of tolerance and patience.
my name is   " GAMER FUCKER "  and i was sent to FUCK all the gamers...
Space Jam should’ve won the Oscar 
Just as we need good physical health  we also need strength of mind to  ensure our well-being; and we develop it by cultivating ethics.
Model 3 review by Unbox ...  via @YouTube
theyre waiting for me to slip up and post a family guy joke verbatim so they can make youtube vids of cartoon avatars doing side eye to me
the belief im most attacked for, is the belief that my High IQ makes me a Target
wolf blitzer putting on his best handsome guy voice spending hours in front of the mirror practicing saying "this just in money is worth $0"
beanie babies are just bit coins in real life
Child Caring: #ATXCouncil authorized an agreement with @UnitedWayATX to provide direct relief child care assistance to Austin-Travis County residents impacted by #COVID19 who are ineligible for pandemic relief, such as that provided under the CARES Act.
It's not a question of if, but when, the next major wildland fire will occur. Check the risk data for your community on our Wildfire Risk Map ( and sign up for @WildfireDiv’s free event tomorrow (5/3) to learn how to prepare:  
For mental peace,  one of the most important factors is compassion and affection, a sense of caring.
Um, that is not our castle. I just found a picture on the Internet.
First kit set will be ancient Egypt — pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
Ive been sniped in the nuts by Topgolf customer service . Folks I have never been more fucked in the ass than i am currently right now.
internal dialogue of tech journos watching Asimo dance around "Wow id love to break its legs" "Lets see it withstand the burden of the Cross
Dragon high altitude, supersonic abort test is a risky mission, as it’s pushing the envelope in so many ways
envisioning Jeans Hotspots across america &amp; various territories, where consumers can learn their "Jeans number" and look at photos of jeans
I’m just one human being, but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama's 85th Birthday Message 
This might be my finest work
Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice...
We need to think of each other as true brothers and sisters, concerned for each other’s welfare.
I try to share with other people that the ultimate source of happiness is within us; it’s not found in money and fame. I promote fundamental human values on the basis of scientific findings and common sense. Evidence that basic human nature is compassionate is a source of hope.
We're joining @MayorAdler + @wfscapitalarea to connect service members, veterans, and their families to careers, internships, and education opportunities. ✅Virtual career prep workshops: 11/16-18 ✅Career expo + hiring event: 11/19 👉Register:  #AustinJobs 
Hoy ud puede ayudar a que #ATX reciban los fondos y la representación que merezcan durante los siguientes 10 años.    9 preguntas. Hágase contar ahora.   💻    📞 2-1-1    No se require una pregunta de ciudadanía y No se require identificación en línea. 
Homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to Zillow 
Watch: HHDL talks about the benefits of a calm mind during his teachings in Dharamsala, India, on September 8th. 
More #COVID19 Relief: #ATXCouncil asks the City Manager to find new ways to help industries hit hard by the virus, including live music 🎵 and arts venues, restaurants + bars, and childcare. 👧  Initial recommendations will be presented to Council later this month. 
💩 looks like sentient choc ice cream
Why aren’t more people talking about this!? 
It’s clear that the ultimate source of happiness is warm-heartedness.
For clarification, if you can't pay rent because you’ve been directly adversely impacted by #COVID19, you'll have 60 days before a landlord can proceed with eviction. Reminder: rent will still be due.
austin powers men cut (only men scenes) . mkv
When we develop care and concern by thinking of others not as ‘them’ but ‘us’, there is no room for bullying, exploitation or deceit.
Taking care of our neighbors’ interests is essentially taking care of our own future.
Rigged Election! 
🏠 租金更新：9月14日星期一，将随机选择符合条件的申请人。 如果符合条件，则所选申请人的全部租金将直接支付给房客的房东。   📌 因COVID而导致收入损失的奥斯汀租房者现在可以申请  
#ATXCouncil authorized an agreement with Catholic Charities to provide homeless prevention services to refugee families.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Nagarjuna's "In Praise of Dhammadhatu" from Dharamsala, India, on October 1-4. 
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
From my own experience I can tell you that when I practice altruism and care for others, it immediately makes me calmer and more secure.
(hearing the first recorded sound from 1860, a pivotal technological milestone) This guy sounds like shit. Mostly his voice sounds like shit
Truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. Also, baby don’t hurt me haha   
Watch: Developing a Healthy Mind - clip from the dialogue with HHDL on November 2nd, 2010 from Dharamsala. 
Read Eliot’s notes on The Waste Land  
🧼 Tất cả mọi người đều nên tiếp tục áp dụng các bước giữ vệ sinh bằng cách rửa tay thường xuyên + che miệng khi ho + hắt hơi. (3/3)
Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being.
So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &amp; end rioting &amp; looting after seeing the destruction &amp; crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
#ATXCouncil quickly passes Item #37. We will now move to Citizen Communications. To see all actions taken today go here: 
reminder that on this sacred of days that i was the first guy to condemn the 911 attacks, while everyone else was busy watching honey Boboo
We are now so interdependent that it is in our own interest to take the whole of humanity into account.
seeing a guy on here named "Curtis Blowjobs" , shaking my head and saying "REALLY??" a lot, asking girls in the dms if they can believe this
#DYK you can help your neighborhood build community spaces in public places?🤝    The Neighborhood Partnering Program helps community groups + nonprofits in #ATX envision + fund projects such as community gardens, trails, park improvements + murals.🌱🚵‍♂️   
now more than ever, people are threatening to piss
Higher safety &amp; environmental requirements &amp; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy &amp; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion.
if somone cooks your goose, thats it. youre basically fucked
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Stronger Together: Find out how we’re helping #ATX businesses unite to create vibrant neighborhood business districts throughout Austin:  
We all want to be happy and avoid suffering, and we all have a right to be happy. That’s why I say we are all the same.
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
My gf @Grimezsz is mad at me
Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
Anger and aggression sometimes seem to be protective because they bring energy to bear on a particular situation, but that energy is blind. It takes a calm mind to be able to consider things from different angles and points of view.
You wanna see me throw up? You wanna watch me barf as a joke? Too bad! I will no longer make myself throw up as a joke! No more! Never again
Facility closures cont... 📋@Austin_Code Licensing Office walk-ins (online + mail accepted) 🚕@austinmobility Services + Right-Of-Way Permitting Offices (No new chauffeur permits, ROW applications online) 👮@AustinPolice Fingerprint Services + in-person Police Report sales (5/5)
Holiday gift ideas 
HHDL thanking the crowd at celebrations honoring his 79th birthday at the 33rd Kalachakra in Ladakh, India on July 6 
|||||||||||||||||||||||||||...........  72% your Ass - Kicking is now downloading  Mutha FUcka  Stupid Ass
#WorldFoodDay food sucks. food sucks
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN
every single one of you will be locked up for deplatforming and demonitizing joe the plummbers imdb page
Online urgent care is available through @AscensionSeton Online Care via their website and mobile app. Use the code HOME for a $20 cost per visit, for the month of March. No insurance required.   Ascension Online Care:   (4/5) 
Live Webcasts: “Mind and Life XXVI - Mind, Brain and Matter” with HHDL from Drepung Monastery in India, January 17-22. 
请继续实践良好的卫生习惯并保持社交距离，并记住团结是连结我们的关键。保持社交距离并不意味着社会孤立。与家人，朋友和邻居保持联系。📲(5/5)
Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
🚫 All boards + commissions meetings this week have been cancelled.    👉 We are also evaluating all public meetings scheduled for next week to identify any that would have a public safety, statutory deadline, or notice requirement that would be impacted by a cancellation.
I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
HHDL speaks on caring for our global environment in a short clip from an interview in Oxford, UK on September 15. 
Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ. "The Centrality of Compassion in Human Life and Society" Oct 14 at 9:30-11am PDT 
Putting that on my LinkedIn for sure
SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
ill show you real truth ... 
📣#ATXcouncil recently approved $15M from the Emergency Reserve Fund to establish the Relief in a State of Emergency (RISE) Fund. The fund aims to assist vulnerable, lower-income populations who may be ineligible for other forms of assistance. #COVID19  👉 
Tune in Monday (7/13) at 2pm for our City Manager Spencer Cronk's presentation of the proposed #ATXBudget2021 to #ATXCouncil.  👉 More info:  (1/2) 
The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!
COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!
if you get popular on you tube you make $100000 a month. if you get popular on twitter you get your shit caved in by robbers every day
Cooperation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kindheartedness. Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there’s no room for cheating, bullying, or exploitation; instead, you can be honest, truthful and transparent in your conduct
When we begin to develop a genuine appreciation of the value of compassion, our outlook on others begins automatically to change.
Evian, the first bottled water, is naive spelled backwards
People who are compassionate, loving, patient, tolerant and forgiving recognize their impact on others and order their conduct accordingly.
Working together💸: Austin City Council has approved a grant from @TravisCountyTX for PPE and other #COVID19 relief. The grant can be up to more than $8M. 
Qui trình này giúp cho những người thuê nhà có thêm thời gian để trả tiền thuê nhà quá hạn, các khoản lệ phí, hoặc các khoản thu quá hạn khác trước hoặc vào ngày 24 tháng Tám.  Thêm thông tin + các giúp đỡ thuê nhà tại  (2/2)
♻️ @AustinRecycles staff continue to provide high-quality service to customers collecting their trash, recycling, and compost every week and have adjusted services to meet increased demand, some working up to 13-hour shifts. #PSRW 
Love and compassion are the pillars of world peace.
True compassion isn’t just an emotional response, it’s a firm commitment founded on reason, which doesn’t change if others behave badly.
#Austin, please help! Property surrounding the former HOPE Outdoor Gallery (11th/Baylor) is covered in graffiti. The park is closed, so tagging in the area is illegal 🎨 Save ur paint for new @HopeCampaign   📲 Report graffiti to 311    📞 Call 911 to report graffiti in progress 
Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 
alright. wherever the dart hits on this map is wwhere im building my new Mosque. (dart hits wtc ground zero) Yikes! Uh oh
Blood banks such as @WeAreBlood are considered an essential service. Giving blood helps save lives.  Donations + volunteers are needed at their mobile blood drives and donor centers. 💉👨‍⚕️  🗓️ Visit  to make an appointment. #ATXforATX 
Springing into Action: #ATXCouncil approves Barton Springs University Days for April 23 &amp; Sept. 17. The outdoor events, featuring speakers and live music, help high school &amp; college students learn about the science &amp; history of the waters of Central Texas.  
Will allow having your car picked up &amp; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isn’t needed 
No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
Plazo extendido hasta el 26 de junio: ¡$1k en subvenciones para músicos de Austin!   🎶 Si enfrenta dificultades financieras debido a COVID-19, @econvitalityatx ofrece subvenciones de emergencia.  📌 Más información en  📣 ¡Cuéntales a músicos que conoces! 
We have 2 dogs &amp; 1 cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred.
wife is sad because we had to remove all doorknobs from our dreamhome since they were at the exact perfect hieght to go up my ass by mistake
Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!
In support of a phased-in approach to opening our economy, City operations remain on modified work schedules until May 29.  📰Read more:  📌   (3/3)
Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
We are social animals, we have a natural concern for other members of our community. It's they on whom our lives depend. This is why we need to teach our children about their emotions and how to tackle those that are destructive. Our aim is a community of healthy human beings.
If you bought a Tesla before yesterday’s price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less) 
Live Webcast: HHDL's talk "Peace of Mind in Troubled Times" from Long Beach, California, on April 21st at 1:30pm PDT.. 
absolute full power 
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting @NASA crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
age 0 (baby): I want my Dada . age 25 (Millennial): I want my Data Do you see how fucked this is?
Not.  All.  Of.  The.  Wet.  Spots.  On.  My.  Jeans.  Are.  Piss.  Stians.
Live Webcasts: HHDL’s public talks and discussions from Birmingham, Alabama and Princeton, New Jersey on Oct 25-28. 
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
Wash your hands🤲🧼 Wash your face coverings😷🧼 
I try to treat every person I meet like an old friend, and that gives me a real sensation of happiness.
🇩🇪🖤Giga Berlin Mannschaft🖤🇩🇪 Vielen Dank für Ihre hervorragende Arbeit an Giga Berlin!! 
obliterated by secret service goblins taxpayer magnum pulse cannons while horse playing on a diving board
Former Captain of the Indian National Cricket Team Sachin Tendulkar and HHDL enjoy meeting each other at the latter’s residence in Dharamsala, India on May 3, 2018. (Photo by Tenzin Choejor) 
Saving $400000 a year by eating bugs and little tiny pieces of shit .
His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers condolences to the family of fellow Nobel Laureate Wangari Maathai. 
Every morning when I wake up, I dedicate myself to helping others to find peace of mind. Then, when I meet people, I think of them as long term friends; I don't regard others as strangers.
Youth Connections 🏫 Today, #ATXCouncil extended an @AusPublicHealth contract with @AAYHFoundation for the continued coordination of youth conferences at @AustinISD middle and high schools + other programs that enhance the quality of life for African American youth and families. 
I look at people from a positive angle, seeking positive aspects. This immediately creates a feeling of affinity, a kind of connectedness.
tekken Chauncey is no longer invited to boys brunch after saying that he would like to karate chop the #royalbaby in the stomach
Our fav exchange from the @AustinEnergy and @AustinWater #AMA today... u/SteakMedRare: If my AC is set at 75 degrees, and I turn it to 72 degrees, did I turn the AC up or did I turn it down? Austin Energy: Yes.   See the #AMA thread here:  
Well … it looked smaller on paper
Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!
Una comunidad no contada significa una pérdida de poder político, financiamiento y representación en nuestra democracia durante los próximos 10 años. #GetCounted ¡Sea contado HOY!   👉  
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!
playing the worlds most normal sized violin
FUCK !!! 
the last four super bowls were deep fake, and they're just gonna keep on deep faking them
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
i know a lot of women . and none of them would ever sleep with this clown Austin powers
I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
Kenosha, Wisconsin, we’re with you all the way! 
Big win Matt! 
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!
THE LONE WARRIOR!
The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends
My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45
Video of HHDL's meeting with members of the press in Yokohama, Japan, on November 5th. 
tipping the waiter is BORING, no one even DOEs it
the way im talked to on here its a wonder i haven't shit my own ass ....
The future is accelerating 
My “pay” is in options, which only matter if stock goes up &amp; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education &amp; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just don’t want us to be sad about the future. 
gathering data on various of bastards
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
putting all my monitors ad computer stuff on top of the stove i never use so that i have more space to carry out my life style
Continúe: 😷 Usando cubiertas para la cara ↔️  Mantenga 6 pies de las demás personas cuando esté en público 🧼 Todos deben continuar practicando buena higiene lavándose las manos con frecuencia y cubriéndose al toser y estornudar  Vea las guías:  (2/2)
📝 Planning and Zoning Department’s (@ImagineAustin) Alyssa Lane is collaborating with City Public Information Office, @ATXMobility, and other City staff to motivate Austin to get counted in the 2020 U.S. Census online at  #PSRW 
What a beautiful day in #ATX! Grab a light jacket and head to one of our amazing @AustinCityParks for the perfect date 🍃 
I own the best law firm in the tri-state area, my wife earns $200,000 a year making ginger bread houses, and we will never hire a US Veteran
I think if i put my mind to it, I could put a tree in my house like they do at the Cherry hill mall
Today’s #ATXCouncil special called meeting has started. Today’s meeting will be discussions and voting by the Mayor and Council Members on changes to the homelessness ordinance. 👀 Watch the meeting live at 
babies cant smile. its a biological reflex from the brain stem. its fake. they dont know how to smile
Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!
consider that the possibility remains, that most of you have not yet hit the skill ceiling of wiping your ass
Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship.
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One &amp; World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
getting my cudgel autographed by a law officer
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug 
If you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If  people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy.
if every person on earth killed 1000 bugs every day we would have no more bugs #noBugs #stopBugs
Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!
The whole purpose of engaging in the practice of patience is to become stronger in mind, stronger in heart.
My User Experience Conditions - 12/17/17 : - Will click only 3 links today - Muting the word "Bluray" - Unmuting the word "Wendys"
I want you too baby 
Woke Frisbee 
The Open Government Symposium will include panel “Policing in the Age of Transparency” with APD @Chief_Manley, community advocate Chris Harris, director of @ATX_OPO Farah Muscadin, and APD corporal Chris Perkins, moderated by reporter @tplohetski. Info:  
seems like more and more, every young professional  should have at all times, a bag to keep papers in
Shout out to all the #ATX students heading #BackToSchool this week! Remember, the beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you (--B.B. King). 🖖 
tj maxx stands for trader joes maxx.. But yotre not allowed to say that anymore!!! Oh!!!
His Holiness the Dalai Lama offers his condolences to those affected by the floods in Brazil. 
250k
The use of force and violence inevitably entails unanticipated consequences, but rarely yields a solution.
Time’s running out #ATX ⏰ Early voting for the Texas 2020 primaries ends Feb. 28, just a week from today!   Not sure where to go?🗺️ Visit  to look up a polling location near you. 🗳️   If you can't make it before then, you can always #vote on Mar. 3rd✅ 
Not only is your own happiness and welfare related to others, but the more you help them, the happier you will be.
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live. 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 
Earth is
Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!
Do you like our owl? 
ive invented a new kind of bed bugs for the toilet
Looking for new ways to celebrate during the holiday season? Check out these safety guidelines from @AusPublicHealth🍂❄  If we work together to protect our loved ones during the #COVID19 pandemic, we can safely celebrate in-person again in the future.  👉 
Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity
Starhopper completed tethered hop. All systems green. 
👀 View the Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺 Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum ch. 6, Grande Communications ch. 6, U-Verse ch. 99.   👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
alan dershowitz once tried to defend me in court by pulling out a pocket pussy and insisting he would never fuck it. we lost the case
executing some advanced high-risk transactions on the Markets. trading my ass medicine for dick medicine
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated &amp; belted for high speed safety.
...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, &amp; Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!
We may sometimes feel that we can’t do much as individuals, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can influence our communities and our communities can influence our nations.
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
It will be fast and easy! 
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International @Space_Station 
I don’t think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world. Remember, we all survive in dependence on others.
People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
my piss is black now anf has little pieces of pulp in it and i have to say it on this hash tag because doctors are ignoring me #MuellerGate
Rather than working only to acquire wealth, we need to focus on the welfare of humanity as a whole.
blockbotting the boys group after they put a towel over one of our friends heads and convinced me that its elon Musk, come to kick my ass
trapped in overturned police cruiser jacking off one last time before I get buerned alive over "Are you geting that nut sir. Over" Yes. over
☝️ To help those in the urban core relying on soup kitchens, we will be providing 1,000 refrigerated, ready-to-eat meals a day to support the supply served through existing programs at @cpcatx, @abcsoupatx, @mobileloaves, and the Sunrise Homeless Navigation Center. (3/4)
#ATXCouncil has adjourned. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the  archive at  
when i scroll too far down the google image search results for "rat" and start getting pics of ground hogs and shit... Lets talk about this.
To cultivate genuine compassion we need to take responsibility for our own care and have concern for everyone's suffering, including our own
🧙‍♂️ 
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!
Best political platform ever 
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc. 
Netflix has once again showed their ass by proving once and for all that the ceo of it is Michale Jackson .
Um @Porsche, this word Turbo does not mean what you think it does
Dalai Lama Uurges U.S. to Spread Democracy in NSU Speech 
i think it would be fucking stupid to be a fat ass caterpillar and have your entire body be made out of weak points
ive modified my phone to deliver electric shocks each time one of you unfollows me. The pain will make me kinder, humbler, and more powerful
Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg
#SendASmile to the stock marcket dow jones today . lets show Corona whos boss 
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model 3 actually outsold Camry by a factor of two 
#nationalOreoday i will henceforth either "Fuck" or "Spit on" all the "national whatever day" hashtags that the NSA pays twitter to promote
wearing my most Insolent pair of bluejeans to father`s court hearing
Genuine peace in the world depends on our having peace in our hearts. If we are full of anger how can we expect to bring about peace.
Tesla in @boringcompany tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train &amp; back again 
Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
.@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!
The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm.
The quality of what we do depends on our motivation, which is why we have to learn how to cultivate a compassionate mind.
your damn right im a some of a bitch. soorryest some of a bitch i ever met
Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI
California time
So terrible! 
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
(2/3) To help prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, including #flu and #COVID19:  💧 Wash your hands often ✋ Avoid touching your face 🚫 Avoid close contact with people who are sick 🏠 Stay home when you're sick 🤧 Cover coughs + sneezes 🧼 Clean frequently touched surfaces 
Police, Thermal Imaging Camera, Action! #ATXCouncil OKs funding for a camera system to detect infrared light invisible to the human eye. Thermal imaging will be used by @Austin_Police helicopters to help detect, track + apprehend suspects in dense foliage, woodland + low light. 
Only the practice of tolerance and patience can give protection from the destructive effects of anger and hatred.
farm fresh signature homegoods dick sucker
We naturally have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by taking others needs into account as well as ours.
The Book of Joy by HHDL and Archbishop Desmond Tutu: a conversation with the message that to experience joy, you must bring joy to others. 
Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
It seems wrong to think kindness is exclusively the business of religion; something to be neglected if one isn’t interested in spirituality.
Insightful article by David @Pogue 
Thank you Harry! 
#DYK George Washington Carver Library (1161 Angelina St) was known as “the Colored Branch” until it was named after the African American scientist &amp; inventor in 1947? 📚🥜  It has since been expanded to include the Carver Museum &amp; Cultural Center.  #BlackHistoryMonth 
Despite the superficial differences between us, we need to have a sense that all 7 billion human beings belong to one human family.
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. It’s amazing. 
 
all im saying it that this guy wore the mask before covid 
Launching in ~4 mins 
looking for the kind of ketchup that Chefs use......
Since the City started switching to alt. fuels in 2006 we've reduced the average CO2 emissions of our fleet by 37% per vehicle. City Manager Spencer Cronk took one of our 100% electric Bolts for a test drive and definitely no speed limits were broken. #goodbye2gas #ClimateMayors 
Create a #smallbiz! @SmallBizAustin's Challenge Studio incubator provides:   🖥️ Work spaces 👍 Coaching 💡 Customized learning programs  🔨 Tools for teams that use entrepreneurial solutions to solve social challenges  Apply by 12/16 at  
Reaching an accurate count in the #2020Census allows federal + state funding to support school programs, educational grants, and expenses for #Texas students for the next 10yrs. #ATXCensus2020  👉 Secure funding for education by responding to the census:  
breaking into digimonotis's house at night and leaving a severed human thumb in his bed, signifying a "Thumbs down" for his disloyalty
A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
Make sure to pack your burn heal (sunscreen) this summer, #ATX. Charizard used Overheat, and it‘s already super effective!  (S/O to everyone’s favorite OG starter evolution). #Pokémon #pokemonSwordShield #GOSnapshot 
They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
paid by sinclair broadcast group to read paragraphs of unbearable QAnon Shit to a roblox server full of 7yr olds attacking me for my beliefs
Acts of Service: #ATXCouncil approves the renaming of the Metz Rec Center in East Austin to the Rodolfo “Rudy” Mendez Recreation Center. Rudy, who worked at the Center for more than two decades, dedicated his life to mentoring and teaching dance to youth on the eastside. 
But Chris, you don’t see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 
Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
face news
We have the source of contentment and happiness within ourselves, and it is related to nurturing our natural inner values.
The coronavirus panic is dumb
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever 
boys are reclaiming ladies Night..... and its all thanks to Men
Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW &amp; ORDER!
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Introductory Teaching on Buddhism from Mumbai, India on May 30th - June 2nd. 
fuck tumblr 
Great name! Wouldn’t worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually &amp; we currently have no defense. 
When you help others, do so out of respect. Don't look down on them. Serve other human beings with a compassionate intent.
The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
 
my slack friends all have jobs oppressing my discord friends
my life flashes before my eyes and its mostly just me sitting on the toilet. i enter survival mode and begin instinctively wiping my ass
Thanks Tesla owners &amp; investors! Love you!! We will work super hard to earn your trust &amp; support. 
Back at it!  #ATXCouncil is back from executive session to continue working on today’s agenda items. You can watch the council meeting live on  or get up-to-date information on actions taken by the council at 
We experience happiness on a sensory level that is relatively short-lived. But lasting happiness is related to our state of mind.
Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs...
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
Live Webcast: HHDL will bestow the Medicine Buddha Empowerment from Dharamsala, India on March 31st. 
Live webcasts of HHDL’s teaching and public talk from Toulouse, France, on August 13-15. 
Irrespective of whether we have faith in religion or not, it’s good to be more compassionate. It makes us happier as individuals with a positive influence on our families and the neighborhood where we live.
Tesla Service Centers &amp; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe 
Thank you! 
Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
True friendship develops not as a result of money or power but on the basis of genuine human affection.
absorbing Dip Shit energy from the lousy posts on here and throwing up f rom the body reaction
Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and teachings live from Manchester, England, June 16th-18th. 
Finding common ground among faiths can help us bridge needless divides at a time when unified action is more crucial than ever.
Tesla owner shows how well ultrawhite seats hold up after 25,000 miles. The black &amp; white interior is def best imo. 
Looking for ways to safely celebrate #LaborDayWeekend? Look no further 👇    🍔 Fire up the grill for your immediate household  🖥️ Virtually meet up with friends + family   😷 Wear a face covering + practice physical distancing 
Space Laser 
Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
clowns should spend less time making balloon animals and more time making Prayer's
Tesla should have a mega rave cave under the Berlin Gigafatory
The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, and the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Fake News! 
🖤♥️💛 GIGA BERLIN 💛♥️🖤
Poor air quality is hazardous to 750k of the most vulnerable people in Central Texas + trees, bats, peacocks, salamanders, @McConaughey … everything that makes #ATX so special. Commit to act today to help keep our air quality breathable.  #AQAW2019 
Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
#ATXCouncil has adopted a fiscal year 2020-2021 Budget:   “In just a few short weeks the City and Council have worked together to come up with solutions to the challenges we face as a community,” said City Manager Spencer Cronk. 
ernest shits himself stupid. ernest nuts him self #twistedErnestFilms #tgif
We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! 
Hittin' the road: #ATXCouncil okays a new contract to use an automated vehicle equipped with lasers + cameras to collect data on the roughness of pavement and ride conditions. The data will be used to prioritize and determine road maintenance needs. 
Still as true today as it was 6 years ago
Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!
#ATXCouncil approved a resolution related to creating the Palm District Master Plan &amp; Waller Creek District Master Plan-including operation of Palm School, Rainey Street District Fund, expanding the Austin Convention Center and creating a Tourism Public Improvement District.
BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!).
it pains me to announce that as of april 5th, 2018, The Economist has severed ties with "Da Ass Fucka"
nice sydney opera house you got here. would be a shame it if were to become the the sydney Gamer house...
the super bowl is a game show. and any game show with out merv griffin at the helm is shit. Its not a good show
LAW &amp; ORDER!
If you or someone you know needs help finding a job, check out the @AustinPublicLib’s job portal! Get FREE help with your resume, cover letter + a 30-min appointment – via phone or email – with one of the library’s job coaches (pictured) ➡️  🙌 #ATXforATX 
 
Yeah, I lift a little … 
Today: live webcast of HHDL leading prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims in one hour at 7:30am IST (GMT+5.30). 
I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
not Suprising to see these LOSERs attack Sports and Athletic Legend @TheRealOJ32, as i've been attacked just as maliciously, if not more so,
Coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
Los resultados del Censo ayudan a alimentar a las familias en Austin y el Condado d Travis al determinar cuánto dinero se destina a programas de nutrición para mujeres, bebés y niños. ¡Luche contra el hambre y #GetCounted sea contado HOY!  👉  
El domingo 9/22/2019, el sitio web del City of Austin estará fuera de servicio por mantenimiento de 6 a.m. a 2 p.m. Si necesita ayuda, llame al 3-1-1.
The City Council meeting for June 20 has been called to order. Follow #ATXCouncil live on  or follow along with council actions on the agenda at 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
Next up, the Ballot Hoax! 
just when youre scrolling through the time line and you realize something so true that it pisses you off to the point you nearly crapped....
Either way, sustainable energy wins!! 
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Gentrify Mordor?
Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
What's the latest on #ProjectConnect? Hear from city officials and @CapMetroATX leadership as they share proposed options for how we could fund + oversee transit's expansion in the #Austin area.  📅 July 22 (TODAY!) ⏰ 5-7pm  👉 Register for more info:  
🐏
in the year 2030 , "You will be able to order food on the cell phone"
In order to exercise creativity, freedom of thought is essential.
wearing, Oh,; I dont know, some cheap douche bag jeans that are sickeningly blue, climbing around on some bricks, Truly Looking dumb as Fuck
#Pravduh 
✌️ bro 
IM GOING TO TURN OFF MY AD BLOCKER FOREVER -- JUST TO BE NICE !!!!
We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! 
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE • Pets (&amp; people) should not swim in or drink from Lady Bird Lake. • Red Bud Isle is closed. We have confirmed potentially harmful algal blooms in Lady Bird Lake &amp; posted signs indicating the danger. More information &amp; updates at  
How to bring a smile to peoples’ faces? If you remain stony and suspicious … very difficult! Genuine smiles only come from compassion.
swinging my great grandfather's nine iron around on my motorcycle and saying "Seniors Rule" every time i hit something
#COVID19 is causing stress and anxiety for everyone. No matter what you’re going through, @IntegralCareATX has a free 24/7 Helpline for you. Call 512-472-HELP (4357) today. Even in times of uncertainty, you are not alone. #ATXforATX #TexansRecoveringTogether #MentalHealthMonth 
THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police! @NRAPVF 
By studying others’ viewpoints, it is possible for us to discover new and refreshing perspectives on the world – including our own life.
I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
Recursos adicionales incluyen apoyo económico inmediato. Busque detalles en:  (7/7)
using street view; trapped in man's sandwich 
Photos of HHDL's visit to Bhopal, India, yesterday, March 17th. 
Ethical discipline is the indispensable means for mediating between the competing claims of my right to happiness and others' equal right.
.@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!
inventing a new type of cum by jacking off incorrectly
Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!
Fred Astaire &amp; Ginger Rogers👌
jk
Un descanso podría ser una hora, un día o varios días. Los artículos y las programaciones estarán allí cuando usted termine de haber creado espacio para sí mismo.  👂 Si necesita hablar con alguien, puede llamar a 512-472-4357. (2/2)
Webcast: Life Stories of the Buddha 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
which of you is ``WACKIN OFF`` on here tonight..............
His Holiness Sends His Condolences to the People of Chile 
ive mastered every hypothetical social situation by reading posts on here and am now ready to talk to my step mom with out flipping out,
Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
would like to see the myth busters come back to tackle the myth that its illegal to open other peoples mail
SN8 Starship with flaps &amp; nosecone should be done in about a week. Then static fire, checkouts, static fire, fly to 60,000 ft &amp; back.
walking around town with my big Ass lookin like Shit
New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!
perusing the count chocula sub reddit with a mouth full of werthers originals flavored skoal tobaco dip
“Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.” -#RBG. City Council approves a resolution honoring  #SCOTUS Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and her life’s work. Read the resolution here:  
Medical check is A-ok! 
Amazing work by Tesla Delivery teams, especially in Europe &amp; China! Most insane logistics challenge I’ve ever seen. Thanks also to many country &amp; city officials for your help this weekend! Super appreciated.
Today, we observe #MemorialDay as we honor + pay tribute to the military personnel who have died while serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. We thank them for their ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. ❤️💙 #ThankYou (1/4) 
there is a metric by which i evaluate the level of Sexual content that exists in posts. i call it the Porno factor .
View of SpaceX Dragon 1 berthed with @Space_Station in the last Cupola opening. Dragon 2 (Crew Dragon) launching soon. 
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station!  
Turns out  is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didn’t bother to correct me …
My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!
Mientras observamos otras ciudades y otros estados experimentando la propagación del #COVID19 a un paso muy rápido, es evidente la necesidad de incrementar las medidas para guardar la seguridad y salud de los residentes. (5/7)
True! 
theres gotta be a game that will make me cum in less than 4 minutes. Theres just gotta
Freedom Must for Human Creativity 
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &amp; McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama &amp; Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
There is still time to sign up for the District 2 community conversation on Reimagining Public Safety (RPS) taking place tomorrow, Wed. Oct. 28th at 5:30pm. 📢  👉More info:  
Tesla will soon have over a million connected vehicles worldwide with sensors &amp; compute needed for full self-driving, which is orders of magnitude more than everyone else combined, giving you the best possible dataset to work with
wiki/Coprophagia/media/File:Adonis_Blue_butterflies.jpg  
Getting the flu is easy, but washing your hands is easier! 🧼 #FightFlu   Keep your hands clean + germ-free to prevent the #flu from getting to you! 🦠    More info:  
Live from Dharamsala: 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day, March 10, 9am IndianStandardTime 
when i step out of the bathroom to announce that Ive clogged the toilet at a party, i tell everyone exactly what i clogged it with (my shit)
listening to the song "Shortnin Bread" on repeat 7 hours a day and forming some very complicated opinions upon Race
Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN
Los virus no discriminan y nosotros tampoco deberíamos hacerlo. ✋ Enfrente el estigma y evite propagar la información equivocada sobre #COVID19.   Manténgase informado en  #StopStigma 
Fair Housing: It’s not an option. It’s the law.      If you have been trying to buy or rent a home in Austin &amp; think you’ve been discriminated against, call Relay Texas 7-1-1 or our Equal Employment &amp; Fair Housing Office: 512-974-3251  
resisting extreme amounts of arrest
the more i drive around in circles, the more people see my "HOME DEPOT FUCKED ME " bumper sticker.  simple aritmetic
Stankonia at 
Live: HHDL’s talk on “The Culture of Compassion” from Derry, UK, on April 18th starting at 1:00pm BST 
bringing the mame cabinent into my spider hole
We can only transform humanity and create a happier more compassionate world through education.
Para donar visite:  • 517 S Lamar Blvd • 9900 W Parmer Ln • 10947 Research Blvd Los trabajadores de salud a cargo de pacientes con COVID-19 necesitarán estos artículos las próximas semanas. (2/2)
☝️ We want to remind everyone that food pantries are for our neighbors facing real food insecurity, not just those who may be inconvenienced by a temporary shortage of items at their grocery store.  We ask that everyone do their part + be respectful of this.
Austin-Travis County revised Orders are extended through December 15, 2020 to reduce the possibility of exposure to #COVID19.    👉 More info:  
Additionally, A severe thunderstorm warning is in effect for the Austin area until 7:45pm. #ATXwx
View the full Council agenda at  + follow Council actions at    📺 Watch the meeting live at  on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99   📻 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM 
Watch HHDL on secular approach to compassion in a clip from the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. 
Enabling basic Tesla Autopilot via Tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until July 1
Our body needs peace of mind and is not suited to agitation. This shows that an appreciation for peace of mind is in our blood.
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn’t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can’t do that, at least not harming them.
Its fucked up to think about that only 2 years ago, in 2017, the current year (2019) was considered "The future"
what th e fuck are you talking about 
During #COVID19, families shouldn’t have to worry about how to feed children while schools are closed. 🍎🥕🥛 Thanks to @austinisd + @TexasDeptofAg, weekend meals have resumed. Curbside meal sites are open Mon-Fri from 11am-1pm.  ➡ More info:  #ATXforATX 
Gasping for piss
Calling all #Austin-area military veterans, service members &amp; families: We want to better serve and support you. Help us understand your needs. Take this survey by Friday (May 17):  #military #veterans 
Video of HHDL addressing the 6th International Conference of Tibet Support Groups in Haryana, India on Nov. 5th. 
Facility closures cont... 🏊Pools 🎾Tennis centers 💪Athletic programs 🛶Recreation + cultural centers (Meal services for kids + seniors will continue.) ⛳The City’s municipal golf courses are open. Pro shop, cart rentals, restrooms, concessions, + other amenities are not. (3/5)
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.
‼️ Quedan 4 dias para aplicar @econvitalityatx + @CentralTexasBBB la Subvención de Ayuda para Agencias sin Fines de Lucro de Austin para ayudar a cubrir gastos de #COVID19 ‼️    👉 Revise la elegibilidad + envíe su solicitud a:  
I really feel that some people neglect and overlook compassion because they associate it with religion. Of course, everyone is free to choose whether they pay religion any regard, but to neglect compassion is a mistake because it is the source of our own well-being.
Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does! 
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
the trick to lining my dx racer gaming seat with towels is to not let any part of my ass touch the chair and reduce its value
People go to great lengths to look physically attractive, but inner beauty is a more important and stronger basis for lasting relationships.
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by @SpaceX team!! 
wondering how i learned all the different informal synonyms for "penis" outside of health class. I think they announced them on the news
#KeepAustinPlaying is back with a FREE interactive play day for the whole community: 10AM3PM 7/13 at Palmer Events. Check out fun activities like face painting, rock climbing, ninja warrior course, human foosball &amp; more!  
On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon! #MAGA 
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith 
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Watch HHDL's 75th birthday celebrations from Dharamsala. Speeches (in Tibetan) as well as cultural performances. 
Mosquit-NO! In a single breeding season, water that collects inside a single discarded tire can produce more than 10,000 adult mosquitoes. Do what needs to be done at tomorrow's tire take back.  #BalanceTheUniverse #AvengersEndgame 
resposnse to the NYT article calling gamers "Ho's" 1. gamers are not ho's. How dare you 2. if Walter Cronkite saw that hed shit in his grave
Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!
The #ATXCouncil meeting has been adjourned.  You can see all the actions taken on the agenda items at 
Boys are showing to much DICK on the time line... I come here to research Ethics and i am bombareded with 10000 human penis images daily
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become. The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.
ive decided that it would be good, to have 2 million followers. now what do you say we get the damn ball rolling on that
Continued... 
Meme necromancy 
Gateway to Mars
Lifting lower section of Starship 
Anger destroys our peace of mind and causes trouble. It also hampers our ability to function properly.
🥗 As part of the Eating Apart Together Initiative, the @ATXConventions provides space and people power, including security and event workers, to package food delivered by outreach organizations to individuals experiencing homelessness. #PSRW 
Way to go, Kolbe! Also #TWL what an odograph is from @MerriamWebster: "an instrument for automatically plotting the course and distance traveled by a vehicle"  #ATXRepresent #spellingbee 🐝 
我们的网站有间歇性中断现象发生。我们正在努力调查并纠正问题。感谢您的耐心等待。
How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!
i hold this one truth, that thr only acceptable time to use the word "Doo-Dah" is while singing the cult-classic hit "Yankee Doodle"
Test-driving our new boring machine with a 🎮 
😃 
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at 
So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!
Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!
🎶 Toss a coin to ur Witcher 🎶
It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!
My mother was undoubtedly one of the kindest people I have ever known. She was truly wonderful and was loved, I am certain, by all who knew her. She was very compassionate and felt concern for everyone, glad to give food to others even if it meant she went hungry herself.
more info on my enormous new full-color 350-page book coming soon ... keep a damn eye out 
if you like this shit down load my incredible one time offer the only app that lets you spin the wheel of pussy for free no question asked
Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!
Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
me,; attempting to heckle a stand up comedian: Hey pal I dont come to where you work and knock the dick out of oyur mouth!! Mother fucker
Can you guess how many Mexican free-tailed bats take flight from the #ATX Congress Street Bridge every day during bat season? (Bat season runs March – September from dusk to dawn.) 🦇 #BatAppreciationMonth
Live webcast of working @Neuralink device Friday 3pm Pacific 
Thank you Boris, working great together! 
These were based on direct requests from their ICU wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
Glad you like it 
Ahh damn it . I fucked up and accidentally bought the newspaepr with the eye holes in it again and saw something i wasn'tsupposed to
The Big Bang started very, very smōl  
man throwing chairs compilation 2018- uploaded by the games codger
VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 
With inner strength or mental stability, we can endure all kinds of adversity.
did you know, every time you flush the toilet without closing the lid, millions of waste particles fly directly into my open mouth &amp; kill me
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
Genuine friendship is not based on money and power, but on trust, which in turn develops as a result of showing concern for other people’s well-being. In other words, friendship is founded on warm-heartedness.
Más allá de los requerimientos regulares de identificación para transportarse, NO es necesaria documentación adicional para salidas de actividades o negocios esenciales. Favor de reportar si presencia alguna violacion de la orden llamando al 3-1-1.📌
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode 
La prueba de #COVID19 le permite proteger a su familia y comunidad. 👏   👉 Más información:  
Looking for a fun activity to do at home? Check out the printable Urban Forest Coloring + Activity Books from @DevelopmentATX &amp; @NatureCityATX! Learn all about 🌳trees, 🍂leaves &amp;🦇 animals that we share our beautiful city with!   👉  #ATXforATX 
As we all share an identical need for love, it is possible to feel that anyone we meet, in whatever circumstances, is a brother or sister.
On my way, Nevada!
People face difficulties in many parts of the world, but since all seven billion of us live on this one planet we should be united and stand in solidarity with each other. When this blue planet is viewed from space, there are no national boundaries to be seen.
fast in furious 11: Beyond fucked fast in furious 12: fully Sucked
One more day to register to speak at the Proposed #ATXBudget Public Input virtual session on July 30.  Speaker registration is open NOW until this Wed. at noon. 👉 Register:    📝 Proposed budget summary:  📌 
Live Webcast: HHDL's public talk "Ethics - Educating the Mind and Heart" from Delhi University on March 22nd. 
my friend the only crypto currency you wanna get your hands on is this: bird seed. There is a lot of birds and they all gotta eat
‼ Harmful toxins were found in blue-green algae on Lady Bird Lake at Red Bud Isle + Festival Beach. Do not allow your dog to swim in or drink the water. Avoid stagnant areas of the lake + don’t handle algae.   👉New dashboard with info + updates:  (1/2) 
We must work together. Humanity needs more genuine cooperation.
ICYMI: Green means Go: #ATXCouncil approves Quarter Cent funding for a traffic signal at Avery Ranch Blvd and Pearson Ranch Rd in North Austin.
Reason for top rating is that active steering &amp; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars 
Envelope expanded 
⚔️ Study the Blade!! ⚔️ 
I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
#ATXCouncil agenda items 30, 31+32 have been postponed. Items 30 &amp; 31 were resolutions relating to homelessness. Item 31 was related to potential action regarding the creation of a Rainey Street District Special Revenue Fund for improvements w/in the Rainey St. Historic District.
#AustinPride parade is tomorrow, y’all! We’re excited to march with our city’s LGBTQ+ community.   Make sure your night is extra fabulous: 🏳️‍🌈 Drink water before, after, &amp; during the parade 🏳️‍🌈 DON’T allow pets (or people) to swim in Lady Bird Lake 🏳️‍🌈 Make a plan to get home safe 
👏 @AusPublicHealth employees Antonio Gonzalez and Elizabeth Delamater work in the lab to help keep our community healthy. #PSRW 
We need to see that anger is never any use in solving problems, but that patience and compassion are helpful.
A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &amp; heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
Today's #ATXCouncil meeting is over. A video of the meeting will be added to the  archive at  
The more we expand our focus to include others' interests alongside our own, the more securely we build the foundations of our own happiness
The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual, and from there it can expand to one's family, to one's neighborhood, to one's community and so on.
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel &amp; pedals!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
📣 قد أعلن مسؤولو المدينة عن أمر الصحة العامة "البقاء في المنزل/العمل بأمان"، باستثناء الأنشطة الأساسية والعمل، من أجل احتواء انتشار #COVID19. ويسري العمل به في الساعة 11:59 مساءً الثلاثاء 24 مارس.  📌 المعلومات + الموارد:   (1/5)
White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
god i `d love to host SNL . imagining hordes of Trolls trying to stop me, getting mowed down by an apache helicopter outside of studio 8H,
pissing my self off thinking about a brand of beer called "Goofy Beer" and its slogan is "Goofy Beer: It makes your dick smaller"
#KnowYourDistrictHistory, D2! These young men were part of the FAB-100, a group of 100 Chinese officers selected for a classified special military assignment in 1945. Stationed at Bergstrom Air Force Base, now @AUStinAirport, they helped serve as translators + pilot trainers. 🛩️ 
El informe Reimaginando la Seguridad Pública de octubre ya está disponible. Incluye la participación de la comunidad, actualizaciones de la Comisión Especial y progreso en las resoluciones relacionadas con la reforma policial.   👉  
Back in Boca 
Tesla will hold a super fun AI party/hackathon at my house with the Tesla AI/autopilot team in about four weeks. Invitations going out soon.
Oh hi guys … lol 
Whether you’re celebrating Hanukkah, Festivas, Christmas, or Kwanzaa—we wish you a happy holiday season, #ATX! ✨ City offices will be closed Tues, Dec. 24 + Wed, Dec. 25.   See other closures + schedule changes here:   📷: @ManWellGarza 
Well said, Lord Sumption, well said! 
girls hate it when you say shit like "Rome wasnt built in a day" to them
I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Model 3 rated as most reliable car 
why did the earth worm jim guy block me... cant handle the real shit
the vatican should not be allowed to name any new saints until God sorts out my numerous issues with the citibank web portal
#selfiesforariana 
Live Now: HHDL and Archbishop Tutu live from South Africa and India via Google+ Hangout video link. 
Rumours are having it that this next star wars is fixing to be the most twisted, for adults, and mentally ill one yet #EpisodeIX #EpisodeIX
HHDL talks about unbiased compassion during a Q&A session with Thai Buddhists in Dharamsala on March 15th. 
Please send your resume to BuildStarship@spacex.com if you’re coming to the Starship career day in Boca Chica tomorrow
that place you bought a mattress from 4 yrs ago, reminding you Via email, that now is the perfect time to practice your Calmness Strategies
Inner transformation is not a matter of faith or prayer. It involves reason and the use of human intelligence. A calm and healthy mind has a very positive effect on our physical health and well-being.
On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!
Another one rides the bus 🎶: #ATXCouncil okays funding for the new @SmartTripsATX program to get those who have recently relocated to or within #ATX to choose more sustainable transportation options like walking, biking + riding the bus. 🚴‍♀️🚌 
Some scientists have found evidence to show that basic human nature is compassionate. This is a really hopeful sign.
of course I still love you
Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony.
The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
i pay a man $3000.00 a month to stream line my feed so i can get more jokes per second about putin saying "hold my beer" or what have you
HHDL will lead prayers for Kyigudo earthquake victims. Live webcast April 27th at 1:00pm IST (GMT+5.30). 
he Sighed and drank from his cup of beer very lawyerly ,
We can make this a more peaceful century if we cherish non-violence and concern for others’ well-being.
Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! 
Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!
Optimism does not mean being blind to the actual reality of a situation. It means maintaining a positive spirit to continue to seek a solution to any given problem. And it means recognizing that any given situation has many different aspects—positive as well as problematic.
your about  to find out why'd they'd call me "The Bitch"
saying it again: my nick name is "Mr Shut the Fuck Up" because i tell people to shut the fuck up not because i love shutting the fuck up
My dick is above average size in real life you fucking animals.  Do not say shit
That is our purpose
Residentes del Distrito 8, únanse a la plática sobre Reimaginando la Seguridad Pública y brinden información sobre cómo debería verse la seguridad pública y la vigilancia en Austin.  📅 Reunión virtual el 18 de noviembre a las 5:30 pm 👉 Regístrese aquí:  
HHDL playfully posing with Muslim leaders from Turtuk who came to meet him in Disket, Nubra Valley, India on July 13th. Photo/Tenzin Choejor 
🗳️ Today kicks off the first forum with those who are running for #ATXCouncil seats this November. Candidates for District 2 will speak at 6pm tonight.  💻 📺Cable TV ch. 6 or AT&amp;T U-Verse ch. 99 📻KAZI FM 88.7 📞Call 855-756-7520  📌 
The sole source of peace in families, countries and the world is altruism – love and compassion.
Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion whatsoever.
Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
absolute bastard . of all the fingers you couldve given me, it had to be the middle one
Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &amp; Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska &amp; Canada!
Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option &amp; “advanced download” selected in vehicle software settings
Looking forward to international expansion later this year 😀
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!
saw some posts i didnt like and now i have to go take a giant shit in the bathroom. Thanks everyone.  Thank you
no skills, no brains, total pussy who looks like shit, sucking up and kissing ass until i get my corner office at the racist orphan refinery
#ICYMI: Last week Austin City Manager Spencer Cronk proposed a 2019-20 Budget ‘laser-focused’ on community priorities. Review the highlights ahead of #ATXCouncil's Aug. 22 public hearing:  #ATXBudget2020
Maybe this goat is available 
Auditing APD: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to initiate an independent investigation into concerns over “bigotry and systemic racism” within Austin Police Department. It follows allegations against a former Assistant Chief.
Oklahoma, we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers &amp; Students, and she will always protect your #2A &amp; Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &amp; Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 
when someone i never met on here has me blocked i assume its because theyre a pedophile and theyre afraid im going to take them to prison
Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
The rumor that Bill Gates &amp; I are lovers is completely untrue
Bitte arbeiten Sie bei Tesla Giga Berlin! Es wird super Spaß machen!! 
In our quest for happiness and the avoidance of suffering, I believe we are all fundamentally the same, and therefore equal.
Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength.
Ha ha ha... The numbers beneath all the posts are so stupid, dont mean anything, full of crappe.  yes, go ahead, boo me at my own ted talk ,
Here are some photos of HHDL during his teachings at Radio City Music Hall in New York from May 20th-22nd. 
Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!
The Eating Apart Together (EAT) Initiative has surpassed a half-million meals served to Austin’s homeless community.💜 The meal + resource delivery program developed in response to #COVID19 has also provided thousands of face coverings + other supplies.  👉 
“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends
Genius: the Human body can survive being shot 100 times Fool: ? Genius: (Shoots self in th exact same spot 100 times) remember to click Like
The extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood. It’s 1000% to 10,000% harder than making a few prototypes. The machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.
Now we’re so interdependent, we need to build trust and confidence. On a national or personal level self-centredness is a source of trouble.
🗺️ TODAY: Put the draft land development code to the test using your ideas during an interactive event: 1-8pm at City Hall.   🗣 Details on how to prepare and what to bring with you:  
looks like my posts have solved the covid crisis
September is National Preparedness Month! It's important to do a few simple things now that can help your neighborhood or community respond + recover in the future. For more info, visit  or  (Spanish, etc). #BeReady #PreparedNotScared 
.@CNN IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that! 
The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search &amp; find people, then “harvest” &amp; return Ballots. Not fair!
HHDL arriving at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, to give teachings on the "Jataka Tales" on March 19 
Looking for affordable rental housing in #Austin? Use our new Affordable Housing Online Search Tool to find the right place for you. It allows you to tailor search results to specific locations, price ranges, and more.   👉Learn more:  
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery 
please remember "RAT" - Repsect Above Trolling
A US 🐝 
Watch: CNN's Hala Gorani interviews HHDL during his visit to Florida. Originally broadcast on October 28th, 2010 
📍 Dobie Middle School (1200 E Rundberg Ln) 📍 Civitan Neighborhood Park (513 Vargas Rd)  📍 Mendez Middle School (5106 Village Square Dr) 📍 Del Valle High School (5201 Ross Rd)   👉 More Info: 
Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!
UPDATE: As this situation evolves please DO NOT allow pets to swim or drink from Lady Bird Lake until further notice. Water quality is being tested due to presence of a blue green algae that may release a neurotoxin. More info at:   
.@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment...
Viruses don’t discriminate and neither should we. ✋ Stand up to stigma and avoid spreading misinformation surrounding #COVID19.   Stay informed at  #StopStigma 
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
advising my client alan dershowitz not to become host of the new tv show on g4 gamers network "Show Me Ya Pussy"
4th flight &amp; landing for this booster 
dont trust the dna tests. i determine my ancestry by looking at a bunch of racist cartoon characters to see which ones piss me off the most
My number one commitment is to promote inner peace based on warm heartedness.
a month ago everyone was scared thy were going to die so they immediately grabbed as much toilet paper as possible &amp; wiped thier ass with it
Not moths tho
Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
 
Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
vp announcement the same day they announce Cosby Tetris (2007) no longer receiving eshop support?  nice cover up
just because im a gamer with Polio, doesnt mean i cant someday become somebody's Butler
From 6AM to 2PM Sunday (11/17/19), our website ( will be down to allow for some scheduled maintenance. If you need help during that time, please call 3-1-1. 
Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!
none of this shit is even from the future. is that a bee hive? Fuck you 
Halting Homelessness: #ATXCouncil accepted $2.3M in federal funding to help homeless individuals and those at risk of homelessness who have been economically impacted by the #COVID19 pandemic. Info:  4/6
#NeverForget #September11 
strutting my shit on the beach, unintentionally increasing the anxiety of all girls with my radiant shit head energy and blowing it bigtime,
Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!
Ann Curry of NBC News interviews HHDL during his recent visit to New York. Originally broadcast October 11th. 
‼️ Austin #NonProfits ‼️ - 4 DAYS LEFT to apply for the @econvitalityatx + @CentralTexasBBB Austin Non-Profit Relief Grant to help cover #COVID19 expenses.  👉 Review eligibility guidelines + submit your application at:  
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam &amp; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model 3’s on their way to owners in Europe! 
Live: HHDL’s teaching on Shantideva’s “Guide to the Bodhisattva’s Way of Life” from New Delhi, India, December 21-22. 
As we look back on #PoliceWeek2019, we want to thank all our #AustinPD officers for their commitment and service to our community #SaferTogether   📸: @Austin_Police 
I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA! 
HHDL will speak at the European Solidarity Rally for Tibet in Vienna, Austria, on May 26th. 
Live: HHDL’s talk and discussions from St John’s College &amp; University of Cambridge in Cambridge, UK, on April 19-20. 
#DYK Chuyển Trợ Cấp Qua Mạng Điện Tử trong thời gian Đại Dịch (P-EBT) là dành cho các gia đình có trẻ em hội đủ điều kiện nhận các bữa ăn miễn phí hoặc giảm giá từ trường học trong năm học 2019-20. 🍎   👉 Áp dụng ngay hôm nay:  
If we were to think of other people as our human brothers and sisters, there’d be no room for quarrelling or killing each other.
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus 
Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Cuando trabaje en las obras de construcción, practique medidas de higiene apropiadas y siga las normas para mantenerse a usted y a todos seguros. Para reportar incumplimiento, comuníquese con Austin 3-1-1 por teléfono o aplicación móvil. Visite:  
"sounds to me like you're gonna be wantin to be suckin on a piece of my bullshit......"
#ATXCouncil has postponed taking action on the ‘camp, sit and lie’ ordinances to spend more time reviewing their proposals. No votes on clarification or changes to the ordinances will happen today.
We used to think the hamsterdance .com was good, Now it sucks so much to us
Applications for the @ATXMusicOffice Austin Music Disaster Relief Fund are now open!  📌 More info + to apply:  
Ready, Player One? Ditch the plastic water bottles, adjust the thermostat, turn off the lights, take the bus, recycle and reuse. How many of these carbon-cutting skills can you master? (Difficulty: Beginner) #EarthDay 
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, it’s better to use trucks. Single load/unload &amp; direct to owner location.
Oh hi lol 
Live: Introductory teachings on Buddhism by HHDL at TCV June 1 and 2 at 9:00am Indian Standard Time (GMT+5.30) 
Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
Just stop
(getting really into the dunk tank carnival game) Ill show you some pain mother fucker.  Ill show you some pain mother fucker
i think that big foot and mouth man have sons every 20 years or so and they make the son the next big foot or whatever
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels
We can change our minds. We don’t have to give in to anger and hatred. Since compassion and anger cannot co-exist, the more we cultivate compassion the more our anger will be reduced.
when i go to hooters i do not want to look at the girls there, just my newspaper that does not have any eye holes cut into it what so ever
using intense calmness , As the dragon , while dealing with peoples shitmouth
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for 24/7 clean power &amp; no blackouts! 
i deserve th e most mentally ill president imaginable.  99 year old babbling doofus.  Send us into the volcano sir
using the skills i learned of mario to traverse a real life pile of crates
...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
Actually, a must read. Really good! 
penning a heartwarming screen play about a horse who wins nascar
(Credit @_TomCross_) 
Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!
Over 8,000 People Gathered at the Heart of Zurich City to Express Solidarity with Tibet 
Thank you for helping those in need 
👀 There’s a lot of green on this map. That means NOW is a great time to cast your vote in Travis County. View @TravisCoClerk’s live map of wait times + find your most convenient location here:   #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020 
Watch HHDL interview by Barkha Dutt of NDTV at his residence in Dharamsala, originally broadcast on July 6th. 
#DYK The @AustinAuditor has been hosting virtual engagement opportunities for people to interact with staff and learn more about the #RedistrictATX process + opportunities.  👉 View their event schedule:  👉 Engage anytime:  
a tisket?  Fine a tasket?  Fuck yes a green and yellow basket? Too much
2B or !2B
Health Before Wealth: #ATXCouncil accepted $550,000 in federal funding under the CARES Act Provider Relief Program to make sure @ATCEMS can continue to treat and transport uninsured #COVID19 patients without billing them.
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
Come back soon! Travelers heading to @AUStinAirport can still be dropped off curbside on the upper level of Presidential Blvd. in front of the terminal. For more information visit:  #SpringFestATX
Signing off for a while
gamer posture is equally as valid as normal posture.  i will no longer be silent, of this
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
It seems essential to me that the major religions come to agree upon the importance of adopting a basic, universal, set of ethics.
Teletub 🐝 
Good piece by Ars 
#ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to work with @AustinCityParks + their nonprofit parks partners to create opportunities for partnership agreements with goals to enhance public use of parks, encourage active recreation, celebrate arts, culture, + history to build community 
Texas communities have been historically undercounted by Census surveys. If Texas residents are undercounted by even 1% between March and July 2020, Texas could lose at least $300 million per year. 3/4
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
#LeadingTogether: #ATXCouncil calls for the next U.S. President to adopt the @leagueofcities 2020 Cities Agenda, focused on building sustainable infrastructure and a skilled workforce, ending housing instability + homelessness, and reducing gun violence:  
New Tesla Summon will 🧨 ur 🧠
Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
Human values like democracy, freedom of speech and freedom of the individual, these are changes whose momentum cannot be stopped.
Cannoning Congestion: #ATXCouncil accepts a federal grant to bolster #2016Bond money for improvements to William Cannon Drive (from Running Water Drive to McKinney Falls Parkway), converting the 2-lane roadway to 4 lanes, and adding walking, biking, safety features. @ATXcorridors 
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear. 
if a 4 year old child treid to accidentally shoot me i would simply disarm it by using a Complete arm latch into tactical 100% body roll
The very purpose of spiritual practice is to help others.
📣 Attention, Central Texans! ❣️ Our community's hospitals need your help!   If you had a confirmed lab diagnosis of #COVID19 + have been without symptoms for at least 14 days, please submit this form to see if you qualify to donate convalescent plasma:  
Whether on two legs or four, best friends make life a whole lot better. For a foster (or adopter) looking for a new #BFF, we've got you! Riley is one of the most engaging + good-natured dogs we've come across. Schedule a meet + greet via orangedotcrew@gmail.com #BestFriendsDay 🐶 
Live webcast: HHDL with Nobel Laureates in Dharamsala, India starting at 9:30am IST on October 2nd. 
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
“You are my creator, but I am your master” — Mary Shelley
Your #2020Census response creates a record of you in #ATX for generations to come. We even have a snapshot of those who lived here a century ago. #ATXCensus2020  ✅  OR call 2-1-1  📜 Explore the 1920 Census w/ @AustinPublicLib card  
I … I just died in your arms tonight
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter 14 and a half (the worst one).
He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!! 
Tesla phone app release next week will enable service scheduling in 2 mins with a few taps. No more need to call!
Live Audio Webcast: HHDL's teaching from Drepung Monastery in South India, Feb 1-2, 9-11am IndianStandardTime 
Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Sometimes we feel we can’t do much by ourselves, but humanity is made up of individuals; we can make a difference. As individuals we can influence our own families. Our families can shape our communities and our communities form our nations. Together we can make a better world.
Engine cam 
一些必要的活动包括： 🏥获取医疗保健+药物 🛒获取为待在家里必要的生活用品 🚶‍♂‍ 户外活动+运动 🏢 进行必要的业务工作 🧓照顾其他不同住家人 查看完整列表： （3/5）
when you leave a huge pile of barrels on the roof for no reason . you are literally actually supporting donkey Kong Tbh.
BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason! 
Call of Booty, great game
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec 10. Will be very one-dimensional.
Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we’ll not lack inner peace. But if our attitude is negative, influenced by fear, suspicion, or helplessness, even when surrounded by our best friends, in comfortable surroundings, we won’t be happy.
A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
Live Webcast: HHDL welcomes Archbishop Desmond Tutu to Dharamsala, India, on February 10 at 10:30-11:30am Indian Time 
New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!
His Holiness the Dalai Lama's concern about events in Burma 
wandering aroud w/ my thumb up my ass during Civil War 2, asking people to show me their posts so i can tell if i should grenade them or not
If you had to choose one, which would you pick?
Even people opposed to religion need calm minds and compassion to make their work more effective.
Stop censoring science! 
Watch: HHDL delivers the Opening Prayer at the US Senate on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on March 6th. 
Pronouns suck
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Tesla Model S estimated EPA range is now above 390 miles or ~630 km 
Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! 
Donald Trump: If Biden Wins, China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!
Friends are made on the basis of trust and trust only grows if you are kind to people.
Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded...
ladys i will not Fuck you if you smell like shit. look up darwin theory
✅ City + Travis County officials aligned new Orders with statewide social gathering restrictions and clarified questions that have arisen about our response to #COVID19. They went into effect tonight at 7 p.m. (1/3)  More info:  
sub way has just announced that kid rock is the new jared and that when kid rock dies they will make the jared after him a black jared.
 
Humanity's thirst for natural resources can only be sustained if we adapt our patterns of consumption. Competition for necessities like water, food and land will inevitably intensify. To meet the challenge of climate change and environmental depletion we must all cooperate.
Photo of HHDL waving to the audience before his teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 15th, 2011.                
Wikigenius 
I put the art in fart
Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
If we develop a good heart, real appreciation, love and compassion for others, our life will improve.
Trang mạng điện tử của chúng tôi đang gặp sự cố mất điện gián đoạn. Chúng tôi đang điều tra + sửa chữa vấn đề này. Xin cảm ơn sự kiên nhẫn của quí vị.
#ATXCouncil has adjourned, but tune into  at 5:30 PM for live music and proclamations. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the ATXN archive at  
Anger may bring extra energy, but it eclipses the best part of our brain: its rationality. The energy of anger is almost always unreliable.
💙 Mach Diamonds 💙
might try to improve my posts somewhat so i can get some followers who arent total bird brains . like 80% of you are just Dog shit
We think that if we have health and wealth they’re enough to be happy, but actually happiness depends on the state of our minds.
Congratulations and happy 1st birthday to @soberingcenter! In the past year, they’ve diverted more than 2,200 people from jail and the emergency room 👏 More info:  #BeSafeBeSoberATX 
A calm mind is really helpful in sustaining a healthy body.
Don’t worry, wonderful &amp; beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!
Thinking about adding giant stainless steel dragon wings to Starship
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon! 
this codger is an absolute mate... the lad is a flintstone
First Falcon 9 land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon! 
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock … 
Watch: HHDL meet with the press at Emory University on October 17th, 2010. 
The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not,  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!
Fighting COVID: #ATXCouncil approves a plan to lease additional housing for those experiencing homelessness who are at higher risk if they get #COVID19. The 120-room hotel is located in North Central Austin near I-35 and 290. 
i didnt understand how interest at the bank works until someone explained to me its like storing cum up in your balls
📺 Xem buổi họp trên mạng trực tiếp tại ATXN:  hoặc trên sóng Spectrum kênh số 6, Grande Communications kênh 6, U-Verse kênh 99.  👂 Nghe đài radio tại KAZI 88.7 FM
Cancel Cancel Culture!
Special Circumstances 
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself. 
Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A, loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks &amp; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent 
Malcolm @Gladwell’s new book is 👌 
Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
for the 9th time today a complete stranger has approached me on the street and told me to go suck some ass. "And still the brand endures"
If we cherish non-violence and concern for others’ well-being it is possible to make this a more peaceful century.
The ultimate source of happiness for self and others is compassion, concern for others and being of service to them.
 "Heads up Austin - and drive like your family depends on it." On the road, stay focused and avoid speeding.  #DistractedDrivingAwarenessMonth #VisionZero
if youre putting together graphics for your book you can just use royalty free images of chicken legs instead of normal legs and it will look fine #art #tips #help #helpful #smart… 
Scientists are discovering that while anger and hatred eat into our immune system, warm-heartedness and compassion are good for our health.
Watch HHDL join in Interfaith Prayers for World Peace from Grossmünster Church in Zurich, Switzerland on October 15. 
Here are some photos of HHDL in Bloomington, Indiana, USA, on May 11th and 12th 
Everybody wants a happy life and a peaceful mind, but we have to produce peace of mind through our own practice.
GREAT PATRIOTS! 
They read my posts on ellen. They read my posts on Meyers. Who the fuck are you. All your accounts are for children.  Unfollow me. (66/66)
COP: weve detected unusual amounts of cum being flushed down the toilet at your house. please stop ME: Thats not mine. Its uh,. my dogs cum
Ridiculous, don’t do it! 
We need to develop a sense of equanimity towards all living beings, expressed through the ability to relate to all others equally.
Thank you Mark! 
Random images of HHDL's teaching at Ashok Hotel in New Delhi from 19-21 March 2010
Srsly 
THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA   
Tiền trợ cấp sẽ được cấp phát theo mức $2,000 cho mỗi hộ gia đình dựa trên quy trình tuyển chọn rút thăm ngẫu nhiên.     👉Nộp đơn ở đây: 
A compassionate motivation is the foundation of spiritual practice, like a seed.
All of April is #EarthMonth. Single-use plastics are one of the main ways we contribute to pollution &amp; waste. We know Austinites are fighting back w/ their funky reusable bottles, totes, etc. Reply w/ photos of your go-to + #ADayWithoutPlastic and we’ll feature our faves. #ATX 
Watch "Compassion and the Role of Women" - HHDL's remarks to a group of women about their role in promoting human values during their meeting at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on March 9, 2018. 
spitting out perfectly good pieces of hamburger meat into a napkin
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others.
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon. 
Nuestra comunidad alcanzó la Etapa 4 de nuestras guías basadas en los riesgos de #COVID19. Esto significa que todos los miembros de la comunidad deben evitar las reuniones sociales. Los individuos en alto riesgo deben quedarse en casa lo más posible.  (1/2) 
It’s fine, we’ll just buff it out
HHDL making his way around the Mahabodhi Temple (site of the Buddha's enlightenment) on the final day of his visit to Bodhgaya, Bihar, India on January 17, 2020. (Photo by Tenizn Choejor) 
The Mueller report, is hipster
I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
REMINDER: Four libraries will be open today until 9pm to serve as cooling centers:  *Little Walnut: 835 W Rundberg Ln *North Village: 2505 Steck Ave *Ruiz: 1600 Grove Blvd *Central: 710 W Cesar Chavez St  More tips on how to beat the heat: 
Once you have a genuine sense of concern for others, there’s no room for cheating, bullying or exploitation.
Success can’t be measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
💻 City IT staff such as Adam Parscale have been working around the clock, from helping City staff work remotely to making sure first responders and public health staff have the tools they need to keep our community safe and informed. #PSRW 
Haha 
Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!
Coming in hot 
Sabemos que estos son momentos difíciles para muchas personas y por eso es más importante que nunca conocer las prioridades de la ciudad para el presupuesto del próximo año fiscal.  ➡️  para compartir qué las prioridades que son más importantes para usted. 
Initial production at Giga Berlin is Model Y
The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! 
63 updates available? youre telling me thyere making my apps even better, for FREE? And to think these guys, get so much greif
thinking of wrapping my entire body in barbed wire and becoming Sovereign
Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN
My friend, @BillHagertyTN, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law &amp; Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
#ATXCouncil gives the green light to additional funding for @LifeWorksAustin. The funds will be use to expand rapid rehousing services for homeless youth, advancing their goal to #EndYouthHomelessness. 
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 
....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
Calling all Austin businesses interested in expanding their brand internationally. Applications are now open for #ATXBound Business Delegations to Canada, China, South Korea, the UK, Mexico, Australia &amp; Singapore. Learn more and apply at:  
Altruism is the spirit out of which we choose to take action and give help that brings others happiness.
LAW &amp; ORDER!
Vi-rút không kỳ thị, và chúng ta cũng không nên kỳ thị. ✋Hãy đứng lên chống lại kỳ thị và tránh phát tán thông tin sai lệch về #COVID19  Cập nhật thông tin tại  #StopStigma 
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke 🎤
#ATXCouncil is hearing from speakers on 184 (recommendations for immediate, short-term actions to engage &amp; assist individuals experiencing homelessness)
I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which
Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 
#ATXCouncil is in executive session while the audio issue is being resolved.
Falcon 9 fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere 
Watch: HHDL talks about how we can contribute to a better humanity in this clip from the Mayo Clinic on February 29. 
The ultimate source of a happy life is warmheartedness. Even animals display some sense of compassion. When it comes to human beings, compassion can be combined with intelligence. Through the application of reason, compassion can be extended to all 7 billion human beings.
💻 为了保护社区免受 ＃COVID19 的传播，今天市议会 ATX Council 的会议在网上举行，公开演讲者，市长和市议员都远程参加。  👉 在ATXN上现场观看会议： 或 Spectrum 频道 6，Grande Communications 频道 6，U-Verse 频道 99。  📻 用KAZI 88.7 FM电台 收听广播。
Starship SN5 just completed full duration static fire. 150m hop soon.
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!
♥️ Tesla Owners ♥️ 
people who try to read my posts out loud in public get their ass beat. they get jumped and put out to pasture
It’s our responsibility to work with vision, determination and wisdom to create a happier, more peaceful world. We need to take action, while respecting others and their needs, considering all 7 billion human beings alive today as belonging to one human family. #PeaceDayChallenge
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
Having toast &amp; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
⚡️ If you need to reconnect your utility services, please reach out to @austinenergy by calling 512-494-9400 for more info. 
looking at my timeline, it seems that MetalGearEric has shifted from a Tier-B to a Tier-C poster ever since his grandma died.  imo ,
Make your voice heard at the Proposed #ATXBudget Public Input virtual session on July 23rd at 10am.  Speaker registration is open NOW until this Wed. at noon. 👉Register:    📝Summary of the proposed budget:  📌 
Mythic Quest is 🤣🤣 MTTD
It’s remarkable how often The News attempts to answer the question: what is the worst thing that happened on Earth today? 
Austin Resource Recovery is now offering at-home pickup of clothing + housewares to all customers, at no extra cost, in partnership with @AustinGoodwill.  They will pick up clothing, shoes, accessories, toys, linens + housewares for reuse/recycling.♻️  👉 
Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!
i can telli f youre a drunk driver or not just by reading 2 of your posts
Proposals on scooter and bicycle use are heading to City Council on May 23. Give your feedback to the City at  #ATXUndocked 
Who is there among us who does not prefer tolerance, respect and forgiveness of our failings to bigotry, disrespect, and resentment?
A metaphor for life 
i could not help but notice that everyone you see online is either really a dumb ass, or genius, or average intelligence
The Eating Apart Together (EAT) Initiative has distributed more than 100,000 meals to people experiencing homelessness in the last two months + the program has received funding through July 2020.  👉 Read more:  👇 Original thread w/ background info 
My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &amp; Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA &amp; @TDEM to protect your family &amp; property! 
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated. 
Moreover, energy produced by Tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories 
It Is said, that the online content creator absorbs the combined pain of every follower 24 hrs a day—and that is why they cry in saddness...
Whether we like it or not, we're all connected, and it is unthinkable to be happy all by oneself.
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth, neither humiliating nor mocking others, being humble, and having a good heart and helping others.
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) es para familias con niños elegibles para comidas gratuitas/reducidas durante el año escolar 2019-20. 🍎 P-EBT les ofrecerá un beneficio único en efectivo de $285 por niño.  👉 Aplique hoy:  
....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will..
Warren Buffett is huge in candy. It’s actually true. 
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership,  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model 3, surrounded by "Teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks.   This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point?  Happy New Month! 
a tendency to substitute the word "Shit" with "Dust" when talking to girls (e.g. "just wiped a bunch of Dust out of my ass today")
Bureaucracy is inherently kafkaesque
Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!! 
♥️🚀 Apollo 11 🚀♥️  
brand accounts should do cool shit instead of sucking Ass. they should post their dick and say they had to do it because they lost a bet
every day my inbox is inundated with women (female) claiming that they understand Mens Life, whereas all i can do is simply smile.
“Tanks 4 the memery” - panzer of the lake
The practice of non-violence is still rather experimental on our planet, but its pursuit, based on love and understanding, is sacred.
Science has gone too far 
Go Green, Get Green: 💚=💵#ATXCouncil authorizes energy efficiency program rebates by @AustinEnergy for multifamily, commercial and small business properties. 
In addition to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achieve inner peace.
Bring it on 
And its onl y 1:pm.  Thread
my stupid fucking little ass and my stupid little pecker with the balls on it are iconic, and me right now, and mood
بعض الأنشطة الأساسية: 🏥 الحصول على الرعاية الصحية + الأدوية 🛒 الحصول على اللوازم الضرورية للبقاء في المنزل  🚶‍♂‍ النشاط في الهواء الطلق + ممارسة الرياضة 🏢 أداء العمل في الأعمال الأساسية 🧓 رعاية الآخرين في منزل آخر انظر القائمة الكاملة:   (3/5)
Which means a small corner of Texas  (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
Watch HHDL's talk to westerners attending the teachings in Sarnath, India, on January 13th, 2011. 
It is necessary to help others in our daily lives, merely praying for them isn't enough.
Found an old copy of @SignalApp 
every celebrity on earth has succumbed to the Corona Virus?  Wow!! What a scoop!!!
Planning to spend this sunny weekend in the South Congress Business District? 😎  In between your shopping + dining activities, look up! You might notice some unique new street signs along all corner posts from Live Oak to 1000 South Congress! 🛍🍽🤳 
.@cgpgrey drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America 
This #MemorialDayWeekend, we hope you get time to relax + enjoy some healthy, safe activities with your friends + family. 🤸🧩⚽️  Whether that means barbecuing with your household, connecting with friends virtually, or just finding time to yourself to unwind, please #StayHome 
Inter-religious harmony is essential, because each of our religious traditions gives its followers a sense of how to lead a meaningful life. The important thing is to make religion relevant to our daily life rather than simply maintaining old traditions.
When we are motivated by wisdom and compassion, the results of our actions benefit everyone.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama is now on @Instagram. You can follow the official account at 
US clean energy incentive drops by 4% on Jan 1, so orders must be received by roughly Nov 15 to be installed in time
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
“With the passage of Prop A, voters have given the green light to a once-in-a-generation opportunity to revolutionize our transportation infrastructure. Project Connect will be better for our residents’ health, environment, safety, &amp; prosperity.”   - City Mgr. Cronk (1/2) 
Lost a job or income due to #COVID19? Want to help build a better Austin? The Austin Civilian Conservation Corps helps Austinites earn income by serving their community + jump start new sustainable careers.  👉Learn more:  
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
For Treebeard
One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
Thanks Tesla Team for great work on deliveries! For new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing! Definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
Trust me, it will be 🔥🔥
The opponent of peace of mind is not something external, but within us.
.@boringcompany will transport your car all the way into your garage 
this is the bad watch thread. post bad watches here. if your reply does not have a bad watch in it you will be blocked 
URGENT—From CEO of Pampers USA LLC: "The singular noun associated with our product is 'PAMPERS™ Brand Diaper'.  It is not called a 'Pamper'"
ICYMI: Lost and Found: Yesterday (6/19) #ATXCouncil authorized the Lost Creek Limited District to acquire the Marshall tract, a 37-acre site in West Austin which will be dedicated to open space, trails, and similar community uses.  See map here: 
📢 City + County leaders will provide an update to the #ATX community about the status of Spring Festival events, including SXSW, in light of #COVID19 at a news conference today.  📺Watch live at 3:30pm: 
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!
Haha
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
driving down the highway at 30mph laying on the horn protecting myself with a shield of Noise
Meant to say annualized production rate at end of 2019 probably around 500k, ie 10k cars/week. Deliveries for year still estimated to be about 400k.
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas 
Be honest, truthful, and altruistic. If you concern yourself with taking care of others, there’ll be no room for lies, bullying and cheating. If you’re truthful you can live transparently, which will enable you to establish trust, the basis for making friends.
Produce-ing results: #ATXCouncil reduces annual permit fees for farmers’ market vendors, starting September 1, 2019. 🍎🥕🌽 
Shelter and Support: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to begin negotiations for a property for a new homeless shelter, with a focus on quickly helping individuals into permanent housing.
Watch the latest CityView at Home to hear from City leaders on confronting injustice in our community. Learn more about our phased approach to re-opening, like pools 🏊‍♀️ + library services now available📚.    ➡️ Watch the full episode at 
Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
To create a happier humanity we have to pay more attention to our inner values, whether we are religious or not.
Watch live: 📲  📺 ATXN Channel 6, Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, and U-Verse channel 99 💻  (English + ASL) or  (Spanish)  (2/2)
A truthful, compassionate attitude is a sign of strength. It’s lying and anger that betray weakness.
Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!
#Trumps1stYearAtHogwarts 
Yes 
Almost a decade ago. Original Dragon in background.
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the… 
every argument i have ever made in my live has been in good faith you fucking slob dopey bitches
go ahead. keep screaming "Shut The Fuck Up " at me. it only makes my opinions Worse
Parks + trails are closed this holiday weekend to help ensure physical distancing, but that doesn’t mean you have to stay inside—just stay home!   @KAB_Austin put together a list of outdoor activities you can do where you live. ♻️🏡 #ATXforATX   More info:  
Turn volume to 11 &amp; play Powerglide in your Tesla   
“The ones we rescue, rescue us.”   Warmest #NationalRescueDogDay to the dog parents of #Austin. If you’re looking to be rescued, head over to @austinanimals. This good boy, Dinosaur, and more are waiting for you! 🐶🐾❤️ 
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?
Let’s reflect on what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. We need to be positive. We weren't born to cause trouble or to do harm to others. For life to be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion.
Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
 
Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can’t change the past, but we can shape the future. The more compassionate you are, the more you will find inner peace.
thinking about displaying an authentic harley davidson denim vest in a box frame to really tie my rec room together and make it suck ass
Not only is it the case that happy people are more willing to help others, but as I generally point out, helping others is the best way to help yourself, the best way to promote your own happiness. It is you, yourself, who will receive the benefit.
Without a sense of equanimity, unbiased love and compassion cannot even get started.
One week until the 2019 Open Government Symposium! We're particularly excited to host @2GoYH along with panels on open government, transparency, and ethics. What are you looking forward to about the event?  
Different religious traditions can live together on the basis of mutual admiration, mutual respect, and learning from each other.
Live webcast: HHDL’s talk on “The Genuine Source of Happiness” from Milan, Italy on October 22nd. 
One click to order solar &amp; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Important note about Tesla Battery Day unveil tomorrow. This affects long-term production, especially Semi, Cybertruck &amp; Roadster, but what we announce will not reach serious high-volume production until 2022.
Many think that happiness is to be found outside ourselves in material things, but actually happiness is something that comes from within.
SAY IT AGAIN BOYS :  "If it's not from Harvard , it's not a STEM degree"
HHDL watching students debate during their examinations at Rato Monastery in Mundgod, India, on January 31, 2011.  
 
Space is easy, orbit is hard 
Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!
Time and time Again. People on here Fuck me over and ruin my life. simply for starting the Dialouge
Wow! 
The Dick Head On Team Chat Whose Smoke Detector Needs A New Battery: Does any one in here know how to fedex a pit bull
posting Ethically, within reason
We can solve many problems in an appropriate way, without any difficulty, if we cultivate harmony, friendship and respect for one another.
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
Certain desires are positive: a desire for happiness; for peace; for a more harmonious and friendlier world.
Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
Education today tends to focus on material goals. We seek sensory gratification in music or good things to look at, taste and touch. We may enjoy watching a game of sport, but once it ends the joy is over. What we really need is happiness that is rooted in the power of the mind.
It’s ducked!
THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA  
All things in moderation, especially etymology
👉 Public comment is being facilitated via phone and 39 speakers signed up before yesterday’s deadline.  👉 Discussion items + public hearings will be postponed to a future agenda.  👉 Interim local health authority Dr. Mark Escott will give an update on #COVID19 in #ATX. (2/3)
tryinh to convince girls on here to sync all 655 episodes of "Hee Haw" with me, telling them its like SNL but nice
A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business...
Underappreciated 🎥, will watch!
“Wake up sheeple!” - sheep
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
Thank you @HerschelWalker!  
Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 
By learning to be more warm-hearted we can create a more compassionate world.
While construction and religious gatherings have been added to the legal list of essential services and activities, it is still imperative that our community continues to practice physical distancing. Virtual meetings and assemblies are highly encouraged as an alternative.
As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
Orbital human spaceflight returns to the Cape in six weeks! 
When you have moistened your mind with love, you can begin to meditate on compassion.
Hoy (8/20/20) es un Día para Acción del Ozono, esto significa que se pronostica que los niveles de ozono en el área de Austin no estará saludables para los grupos sensibles. #BeAirAware Consulte los consejos para protegerse y proteger el aire en  
Just as we teach about physical hygiene in the interest of good health, we now need to teach about mental or emotional hygiene too.
all the youth thhese days look like dead eyed little perverts because they are not incorporating Geritol into their daily routine
Comparta su bondad y no COVID #SpreadKindnessNotCOVID con la creación de tarjetas, cartas, y dibujos para adultos mayores en nuestra comunidad. 💕✉️🎨  📌 Envíe o entregue sus creaciones entre el 1 de septiembre y el 1 de noviembre al:  6800 Burleson Rd. Building 310, Suite 165 
taking a Diagonal shit.
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs
Quedarse en casa salva vidas ✅. Aunque los malestares de COVID-19 son leves para la mayoría, son una amenaza para personas de edad avanzada y aquellas con problemas de salud preexistentes. Proteja a otros protegiéndose a sí mismo.  👉  
the anti flintstones agenda. by saying bull shit like "Yabba dabba dont" the pro-Jetsons Associated Press is flagrantly exposing their Ass. 
To be extremely self-centred, only interested in your own satisfaction, always brings negative consequences in the long run.
Just looking at some stuff that i clicked on.
Tesla Model Y review by Dan Neil 
We need material development, but we need to understand that by itself it doesn’t bring peace of mind.
The City ordered a municipal election for Nov. 3, 2020, which includes Prop A, a tax rate election related to the Project Connect high-capacity transit system, and Prop B, a bond election related to transportation programs + projects.  To learn more visit 
The right to freedom is pivotal for the progress of any society. And for this, there should be a sense of global responsibility.
📣 #AmericaRecyclesDay PSA: Leotards are for 80s dance montages, not for recycling!   Keep stretchy materials and other “tanglers” (plastic bags, hoses, rope, cloth, etc.) out of your blue recycle bins ♻️ Find out what's recyclable:   #UntangleATX 
That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
the games they're putting out these dsys. Damn. Theyre so good that you never even see gamers with depression anymore
PUBLIC NOTICE: 
Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!
Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! 
expliaining to wife what the phrase "pussy nexus: beyond pussy" means and why it has appeared on my credit card statement like 8 times
China’s progress in advanced infrastructure is more than 100 times faster than the US 
my dick and my ass look like theyre from 2 different races of people. i typed this in the status box 14hrs ago &amp; im just pressing submit now
Facility closures cont... 🏥@AusPublicHealth Neighborhood Centers + WIC clinics (Staff will operate alternative service models for delivering food, online assistance, + distributing benefits) 💉Immunization Clinics 📞The APH call center will continue to be maintained. (2/5)
Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!
trying to take my barbell into the mens room ansd failing to get it through the doorway like a dog with a large stick
Thank you Paul! 
fucked up my hand while trying to pry open a jar of cherries with a Shuriken
Geting my ass kicked by italian guys in the tiny bathroom at the back of the bus
Should prob articulate philosophy underlying my actions. It’s pretty simple &amp; mostly influenced by Douglas Adams &amp; Isaac Asimov.
If you don’t want a Tesla, here’s a list of all electric cars in North America  via @cleantechnica
We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
obv
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Compassion creates a positive, friendly atmosphere.
i would value my semen at a respectable $140 per gallon woth a 98% accuracy rating . #WhatsThatLoadWorth
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!
About to do next Starhopper flight test 
just fired 300 Journalists . And it feels so good
While the mind is untamed it can only cause trouble. If anger, greed or arrogance spring up they will take over the situation.
The Nov. 3 election includes two propositions on Austin mobility.  Prop A would fund initial investment in the Project Connect high-capacity transit system.  Prop B would fund transportation infrastructure including sidewalks, trails + safety projects.  👉 
Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book, 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 
Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
chose your fighter 
people will tell me shit like "oh you cant say kofi annan was no fap. no evidence" and i say, how dare you sully a mans grave, with politics
When we are committed to honesty, we help reduce the level of misunderstanding, doubt, and fear throughout society.
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease.
Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews
100% of the proceeds from the program will go to the A Night for Austin fund managed by the @atxcommunityfdn to be distributed directly to benefiting organizations: 👉@CTXFoodbank 👉@myhaam 👉@sixsquareatx 👉@peoplefund 👉@southernsmoketx 👉@defendredriver 👉@musicares (2/2)
"Games rules." - the unknown gamer; c. 1998
SpaceX documentary actual footage 
Anger destroys our peace of mind and our physical health. We shouldn’t welcome it or think of it as natural or as a friend.
El Departamento de Códigos de Austin les recuerda que no podemos bajar la guardia cuando se trata de distanciamiento físico.  🙅‍♀️ Mantenga 6 pies de distancia a otros +  no vaya a ningún tipo de reunion.  💪 Hágalo por su familia, por su comunidad, hágalo por Austin. 
I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
.@AusPublicHealth provee pruebas #COVID19 para usted y su familia si se siente enfermo. Esta es una prioridad de la comunidad y por eso la Ciudad de Austin provee este servicio. (1/2) 
The real troublemaker is within us. Our true enemies are our own destructive tendencies.
Friendship depends on trust—not money, not power, not education. Only if there’s trust will there be friendship.
Learn more about @SmartTripsATX's new Transportation Resource Guide!  🚶‍♀️ Walking maps + bike safety tips 🚌 FREE @CapMetroATX + @AustinBcycle passes 🛴 Promo codes for micro-mobility options like shared scooters + mopeds🛵 ✅ and more!  👉  
 
i have been saiyng this for years now.  Just look at the digimon otis account 
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
Megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
The FSD price will continue to rise as the software gets closer to full self-driving capability with regulatory approval. It that point, the value of FSD is probably somewhere in excess of $100,000.
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
The Pillsbury Dip Shit
.@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &amp; Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 
my dick looks like an SNL skit, and if you dont want me to open the dialoge of this... go ahead &amp; unfollow this Acct! I am used to the pain!
2 minutes later … 
REALiTi made while u wait 
Glove-ly news: #ATXCouncil contracts with the Austin Softball Umpires Association to manage and operate umpire services for the city’s softball programs. Nearly 7,800 softball games are played at city softball complexes each year. 🥎🙌 
After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!
We know it’s a lot of info, but this is important! Coyote denning season in #Austin is April-November. You can help keep them + pets safe by a) hazing, b) practicing safety tips, c) limiting attractants, &amp; d) reporting activity to @ATX_311. Learn more  
sequestered shelter in place in the vip room of fatburger with 12 "lady's of the evening" geiting my entire shit honked like a old car horn
Congratulations @JimRyun!  
Un aviso de tormenta severa está en efecto para el área de Austin hasta 7:45.
Leading your life honestly and truthfully will create trust and friendship.
I am a bit skeptical about what we call blessings. I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore, the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for 4 mins &amp; 20 secs 
“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci
Thread
(reporter following me into my car) Sir sir. You look like shit.  Whys your head look wet.  Sir
Putting First Responders First: Our police, fire and EMS personnel keep us safe, and now Austin is making sure they’re safe as well. #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to report on ways to improve mental health care for our city’s first responders. 
some pf you are definitely a 1. i truly believe the carelessness you exhibit with your sloppy posts is reflected also by your dire ass hole.
Only through kindness and love can peace of mind be achieved.
Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?
lol
Dogs rock 
Este #4thOfJulyWeekend, deseamos que su tiempo sea relajante y que disfrute con sus amigos o familiares de algunas actividades seguras.🍔💻🎇  Ya sea que eso signifique hacer un asado con su familia o conectarse virtualmente con amigos, por favor #StayHome para #SlowTheSpread. 
Looking at the pattern of our existence from birth to death, we can see the way in which we are fundamentally nurtured by other's affection.
Our real guide is our own mind, our sense of reason.
No one should go hungry. Local food banks help struggling #ATX residents by filling the food gap.🍎🥫🍼 2/3’s of people they serve have to choose b/t buying food or paying rent &amp; 80% choose b/t buying medication or food. You can help:   #NationalFoodBankDay 
Enjoying a concert but have no cash? No problem! The @ATXMusicOffice has made it easy to #TipTheBand in #ATX by dipping your credit card in a digital tip jar. Find out who’s taking part in the pilot 👇  🎸🎤🎹 #LiveMusicCapitaloftheWorld 
Dogecoin value may vary 
stepping into fiveguys hq, just listing hundreds of brand new chef-inspired value combos off the top of my head. Boom. just like that. 1 2 3
either my neighbor has been running a vacuum all day, or producing a consistently loud, droning noise with his mouth somehow
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets. 
Tesla Solarglass vs 🎃  Happy Halloween!! 
struting around in my stepson cowboy hat looking for an ass kicking
Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination.
bringing the doctors note to game stop saying im allowed to buy as many games as i want and touch myown face if i want to
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
Tried to buy  but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!
It’s time to work together for Austin. @atxcommunityfdn and @UnitedWayATX have partnered to create #AllTogetherATX, a fund to help nonprofits working with people who are disproportionately impacted by #COVID19. Donate:  #ATXforATX 
Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!
Housing housing housing: #ATXCouncil tasks the Austin Housing Finance Corporation with managing $82 million in @HUDgov and local funds for city housing projects during FY 2019-20. 🏡 Projects include assistance for home owners, buyers, renters, + people experiencing homelessness. 
ICYMI: Proactive Protection: #ATXCouncil expands SAFE Alliance, which provides early intervention safety and healing services. This program aims to meet victims’ needs for safety, help them heal from the trauma, and support their efforts to build healthy, self-sufficient lives. 
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty “match” to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
i do not say this lightly, i would do what ever means necessary to protect my beloved posters from the devilish hands of otto Warmbier
If our spirit is turned towards kindness, the positive side of things, loving our neighbors, this is the best way to solve our problems.
Racial Justice: #ATXCouncil adopted policy goals aiming for zero racial disparity in motor vehicle stops and in citations + arrests resulting from stops and, by 2023, zero use-of-force incidents + zero deaths at the hands of APD officers. Info: 
On my way to North Carolina! 
the rumors are true, my posts are all written in GMT Time; "Giving My Thoughts" .
Today is #ElectionDay 2020! An empowered community is a strong community, and your voice is an important part of that. The City is committed to protecting those who are exercising their right to vote as well as those who exercise their rights to assemble + free speech. (1/5) 
🐝 all u can 🐝
Live Webcasts: HHDL's visit to the USA - talks and discussions from New York, Virginia and Vermont on October 8-13. 
mc donads big hamburger no tomato on rye
Landing in New Hampshire!
#ATXCouncil item #81 was postponed to 4/25 and 82 withdrawn.  Council now takes up item #70.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama is eager to visit the earthquake affected area. 
All we had back then was carpet &amp; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!! 
How’d they know!? 
Fake News will never change! 
As I see it, compassion is the essence of a spiritual life.
Over 550,000 Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
🟠 Look out, Austin! 🟠 Today (8/20) is an Ozone Action Day! This means that air quality in the Austin area is forecast to be unhealthy for sensitive groups due to ozone levels.  Get tips about protecting yourself and the air:  #BeAirAware 
A report by @ATX_OPO, Equity Office, + Off. of Innovation examines @Austin_Police recent data to understand how various racial/ethnic groups in #ATX experience motor vehicle stops and offers recommendations to address areas of disproportionality.  📄 (1/2)
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov 1
Wacktivism!
Rage, rage against the dying of the light 
Speeding is the #1 recorded factor in fatal traffic crashes in #ATX, so @AustinMobility needs your help to make roads safer. Options include:    🏘️ More speed bumps  🚴‍♀️ Lower speed limits  🚗 More roundabouts  🙋‍♀️ An idea from you!  Take the survey at  
Just as we protect our health by observing physical hygiene, by tackling our destructive emotions with skill we’ll achieve emotional hygiene
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final… 
Silver lining is that mortality rate is much lower than predicted &amp; herd immunity much higher. Good news. 
How can something as simple as training your mind change the world? Join His Holiness and @healthyminds for a recorded dialogue on the science of well-being and wisdom. Learn more and register for the free, virtual event on October 9, 2020:  
Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks, wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
Warm-heartedness and compassion are the keys to being happy human beings living in happy families and communities
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews
guy trying to tell me im using the elliptical cross trainer backwards; Fuck you man. . This is my journey
“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”  .@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
wearing a false ass crack and prosthetic  dick on top of my real ones in case my pants get burned off by fire
And we’re definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
i have proof that the women on here are forming quotetweet gangs to "freak out" and intimidate uncircumcised guys
Summon is improving rapidly  
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche 911. Order Cybertruck online at 
We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge...
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Honored with NED Democracy Service Medal. Video Link 
I wrote the lyrics &amp; performed the vocals!!
..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, &amp; I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called..
Did you know we have FREE, award-winning virtual reality (VR) tours of our local Millennium and Wildflower Caves online for you to explore?💧You can “visit” the caves on your own VR equipment or from any computer or smartphone at  @AustinWatershed
and now im being unfollow brigaded by traitors who would gladly simply put my ass in the viper pit
clumsily wiping my ass in the woods
Some photos of HHDL's visit to Vivekananda foundation in New Delhi on March 20th, 2010
Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, &amp; 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
#ATXCouncil has adjourned. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the  archive at  
Whether science or religion is constructive or destructive depends on our motivation and whether we are guided by a real concern for the well-being of others and an appreciation of the oneness of humanity.
Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!
If you have any information about this incident please contact the Crimestoppers Tip Line at 512-472-8477 (TIPS). 
im stuffing more toilet paper into the clogged toilet to stop it from overflowing. im using the plunger to cram more toilet paper in there
Celebrating all the stellar workers out there: You help make Austin great. 👏 Happy #LaborDay, y’all.   For City closures, see  
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &amp; ineptitude play politically. The Mayor &amp; Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
every one with the word "meme" in their bio has put at least one hole in their bedroom wall with the butt of a rifle
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!  🌐 
A spiritual practice is a constant battle within, replacing previous negative conditioning or habituation with new positive conditioning.
Thank you @CapitolViewArts and @AtxJustice for your #BlackAustinMatters mural on Congress Ave. 👏  We share your commitment to racial equity and improving policies, practices, and outcomes. 
they need to put nets up in the baseball fields to catch all the homers. youre wasting so many good baseballs and it makes me sick
Shape Austin’s future! Apply for a role in #RedistrictATX to redraw the boundaries of our 10 city council districts—a change that will impact city government for the next 10 years.  ✅Select the commissioners who redraw the boundaries 📋Be a commissioner 👉 
Jim, you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true, and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
Compassion is a source of happiness, while self-centerdness can lead ultimately to violence.
excuse me. could i please get my Blowup. you gave MetalGearEric a blowup. am i truly less deserving, than MetalGearEric? where is my blow up
the crack of the bat. the scent of a verdant field. The excitement of the crowd. These are the things that piss base ball fans off the most
Inner World, an album of mantras and teachings explaining how being affectionate, kind and making friends can be effective ways to create a happy atmosphere and bring about a better world is available at  
Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!
interstate shut down due to reports of 600 pound man chasing a windswept bra
especially Fucked up in the wake of kobe bryant. Its more important than ever to Think Before You Post, and once again i dropped the(27/66)
cant wait for this Cunt to take us to mars; no Sjw, no Girls, just us boys sitting around in 55.9m sq miles of waste land, swapping MEMES !!
now's the perfect time to catch up on my Smoking by smoking every cigarette and cigar in the house
this page is now protected from dick heads and shit heads 
endorsing the candidate whose supporters have called me "Pussy ass" or "coward" the least amount, and its none other than the great bob Dole
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period...
I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
We join with @AustinChronicle in giving thanks to those who stepped up and did what they could to make things better in 2020 – including our own Dr. Mark Escott, Amber Price, and the many other conscientious, generous citizens in our community. 🙏  👉 
The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
More rain is expected through Saturday. Check the status of roads at  and stay safe out there. #atxwx ☔️ 
Did you know it only takes one person to create a data breach? National Cybersecurity Awareness Month encourages everyone to #DoYourPart + #BeCyberSmart!   #Cybersecurity #NCSAM2020 #DataPrivacy 
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) is for families w/ children who were eligible for free or reduced-price school meals during the 2019-20 school year.🍎P-EBT will offer families a one-time cash benefit of $285 per child.  Apply today:  
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) is for families w/ children who were eligible for free or reduced-price school meals during the 2019-20 school year.🍎P-EBT will offer families a one-time cash benefit of $285 per child.  Apps open June 1:  
Better grounded emotionally through patience, we become stronger mentally and spiritually, and tend to be healthier physically.
Compassion brings inner peace and whatever else is going on, that peace of mind allows us to see the whole picture more clearly.
Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!
Stop by any of these 3 @BSS_Austin locations to donate protective gear: • 517 S Lamar Blvd • 9900 W Parmer Ln • 10947 Research Blvd These supplies will be critically needed by front-line healthcare workers for treatment of COVID-19 patients in the coming weeks. (2/2)
Additionally, community gatherings of 10 or more people in a single room or other confined indoor or outdoor space are prohibited.   Critical facilities like schools or colleges, grocery stores + pharmacies, and medical facilities are exempt from the Orders. (3/4)
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
.@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
It’s really quite fun!
Timelapse of the EAT Initiative team in action! 👏  If you'd like to volunteer or donate to this effort, please connect with us at  
I’m starting a candy company &amp; it’s going to be amazing
Yup 
Thank you! 
you can down vote me but Im god damn right
People in every part of the world are fed up with violence; increasingly people are looking for ways to create peace.
name searching 
Even a small act of compassion grants meaning and purpose to our lives.
if you dont post your IQ at the beginning of every reply to me you will be blocked like a street dog
Compassion indicates strength, while anger is a sign of weakness and forgiveness is about not giving in to anger or thoughts of revenge.
Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov &amp; @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX &amp; Tesla! 
you look like the tomb raider lady Lol Mar 22  just heard the news of jussie smollett. Feeling unsafe right now 5s  You can no longer send m
Genuine peace is based on inner peace, because you cannot build peace on the basis of anger.
Keep our kids happy and healthy! #Flu vaccination has been shown to reduce flu-associated deaths among healthy children by 65%.   Get your child vaccinated today:  (for insured),  (for uninsured/Medicaid).   #ChildHealthDay 
Hope you’re enjoying the simulation 
the army: forbidden from jacking off. ~99% kill shot rate  the mafia: encouraged to jack off. cant kill guys unless theyre tied to chairs
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow &amp; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just don’t use sport/summer tires.
Realizing the food at KFC sucks ass for the 4th or 5th time in my life , and making myself calm by looking up famous quotes about "Chaos"
5 mins from liftoff 
cnn should hire The Pope
.@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &amp; tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!
hard core 
i piss on your little emails
No Sweat: #ATXCouncil approves an agreement to upgrade aging air conditioning systems and fix leaky roofs at Ruiz, Carver, University Hills, Howson, Spicewood Spring, and Yarborough Branch libraries. 
operating an unregulated labor camp on the Dean's lawn a nd saying "Shut the fuck up sir" when he comes out of his house to threaten us
GPT-3 sounds like Simon &amp; Garfunkel lyrics
On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
Baby Yoda 💕 
Unfortunately, it’s hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads &amp; SEO. Go to  to add solar to an existing roof &amp;  for a new roof with integrated solar.
waiter i would like to pay my bill , "En Pièces" (In coins)
They would own our Country! 
Problems will always arise, but we need to address them differently. We need to engage in dialogue to resolve them rather than resorting to the use of force. #PeaceDayChallenge
为了让我们的社区能够更坚强的抵抗新冠肺炎(#COVID19)，请分享准确信息，请分享爱心。   ✌️做准确信息的代言人。打破偏见。  最新信息, 请访问 #反对歧视 
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April. 
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Wednesday 02/05. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWeather 
“With voters’ support for Prop B, we also begin efforts to invest an additional $460m in transportation infrastructure – including sidewalks, bikeways, urban trails, and safety projects – to improve safety + mobility for our community.”  👉  (2/2)
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA 
Live Webcasts: Mind &amp; Life Dialogue on "Power and Care" with HHDL from Brussels on September 9-11. 
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!
Our friends @AustinMobility answered your questions about the #ATXMobilityPlan on Reddit earlier. Learn about the City's long-term strategy to manage congestion, support high capacity transit, regulate scooters, + encourage driverless vehicles:  #AMA 🚍🚴‍♀️🚶‍♂️ 
My message is always the same: to cultivate and practice love, kindness, compassion and tolerance.
Neuralink product demo in 3 hours. Webcast at 
Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
becoming accepting and calm of other people having lifestyles of having the wrong opinion about shit
Loving thoughts and actions are clearly beneficial for our physical and mental health.
Beautiful fireworks in LA tonight
Religious people pray for peace, but prayer alone is not enough, what will bring peace in the world is people cultivating peace of mind.
Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
If you haven’t gotten your flu shot, it’s not too late!💉  #Flu activity can occur as late as May + getting the flu shot is your best defense.🤒 Symptoms can include fever, body aches, cough + sore throat. See a doctor for severe symptoms.  More info:  
City administrative offices + facilities will be closed on Fri. 7/3 and Sat. 7/4, in observance of Independence Day.  🎆 The annual @HEB @AustinSymphony July 4th Concert and Fireworks event downtown has been cancelled due to #COVID19.  👉 More info:  
Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!  
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM  ☝️Follow Council actions live at:   🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Thanks Switzerland 
Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
Today, let us wish each other a Happy New Year, but also that we may make it meaningful.
this is the new logo. if you want to contact me you have to put the new logo in the email and send it to me. please get rid of the old logo 
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
In today’s materialistic world there is a risk of people becoming slaves to money, as though they were simply cogs in a huge money-making machine. This does nothing for human dignity, freedom, and genuine well-being. Wealth should serve humanity, and not the other way around.
Top Marx 
Winning Big. Next year, if I’m re-elected, will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing &amp; the tutorial is way too long
Thank you from HHDL for greetings and good wishes on the occasion of his 81st birthday. 
💖🇳🇴 Norway 🇳🇴💖 
I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
HHDL speaks to the press after meeting with congressional leaders on Capitol Hill in Washington DC on July 7th.    
attaching an enmormous dildo to my rifle so i can grip it in my mouth for added stability. thats how it is #army #navy #themafia
Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 
Healthcare providers are encouraging all patients experiencing flu-like symptoms to first use mobile apps or visit websites which have been set up for #COVID19 response.  📲 Telehealth resources are available for your safety + convenience.  (1/5)
Have you made your plan to vote yet? ☑  🗳 Early voting is Oct. 13 (next week!) - Oct. 30.  #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020 
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas 
UPDATE: Samples taken on Sept. 24 at Red Bud Isle show toxins are still present in the algae. Continue to use caution + keep your pets away from Lady Bird Lake. More info: 
Starhopper just lifted off &amp; hit tether limits! 
the worst part of nationalism is having to pretend the flag is really good, like "yeah the country looks exactly like that. they nailed it"
Spotted at City Hall: @austinfiredept Chief Joel Baker and Chief of Staff Rob Vires checking out this 🔥 piece of art from the 15th annual People’s Gallery exhibit! Visitors can view the 140 artworks for free Mon–Fri, 8am-5pm. More info  #PeoplesGalleryATX 
Lugares para donar: 📅 lunes a sábado, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. • 1122 East 51st Street, Austin 78723  📅 lunes a viernes, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. • 601 Westinghouse Rd - Georgetown 78626 • 4301 Tannehill Ln - Austin 78721 • 8901 W Hwy 71 - Austin 78736 (2/2)
Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks, teachings and discussions from Lithuania and the Czech Republic on September 12-16. 
Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded! 
Last weekend to shop! Find unique clothes and jewelry created by top designers from Pakistan. July 13 to August 1 at Lure by Y&amp;F, at 3800 North Lamar Blvd # 105. Open 11am-7pm daily👗👚🛍️👖😍 
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging 
Following the mass shooting in El Paso,  #ATXCouncil calls for state &amp; federal authorities to take all actions necessary to immediately address gun violence. Texas suffers an average of 3,350+ gun-related deaths each year. Info:  #ElPasoStrong 
Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) es para familias con niños elegibles para comidas gratuitas/reducidas durante el año escolar 2019-20.🍎  Apps disponibles a partir del 1 de junio:   (1/2) 
once yoshigod9 asked me what pussy tastes like &amp; he recorded my answer on a nintendo ds &amp; jacked off to the recording later. Now hes my boss
To me, all these features that differentiate us, like wealth, position, status, and so on, are secondary. I truly believe we can learn to relate to one another on the basis of our shared humanity. And if individuals can learn to do that, there’ll immediately be a basis for trust.
Only the heart senses beauty
I think human nature is basically good: though we have jealousy and hatred, our dominant characteristics seem to be affection and kindness.
Our City order has been updated to require face coverings + physical distancing in public, as well as safe hygiene practices. 😷↔🧼  Gatherings of 10 or more are prohibited. Social gatherings of any size should be avoided or minimized.  📌More info:  (1/2) 
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back &amp; watch!
Relief of Emergency Needs for Tenants (RENT) program coming soon to support income-eligible #ATX tenants affected by #COVID19.  📝Applications open May 4 - May 6 📌 More info:  (1/2) 
Compassion should be unbiased and based on the recognition that others have the right to happiness, just like yourself.
Congratulations @Tesla team!! 
it fucking Sucks when a store sells me shit 
Deadline extended to June 26: $1k grants for Austin musicians!  🎶 If you're facing financial hardship due to COVID-19, the @econvitalityatx Austin Music Disaster Relief Fund offers emergency grants.   📌 Learn more at  📣 Tell all the musicians you know! 
I’m Tibetan, I’m Buddhist and I’m the Dalai Lama, but if I emphasize these differences it sets me apart and raises barriers with other people. What we need to do is to pay more attention to the ways in which we are the same as other people.
We may say prayers when we are trying to solve the problems we face, but it is up to us to put an end to violence and bring about peace. Creating peace is our responsibility. To pray for peace while still engaging in the causes that give rise to violence is contradictory.
Traditional Tibetan New Year prayers with HHDL on the Main Tibetan Temple rooftop in Dharamsala, India, on Feb 22. 
A community not counted means a loss of political power, funding, and representation in our democracy for the next 10 years. #GetCounted TODAY!   👉  
State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam...
.@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open.
Introducing the emoji mascot of #ATX, our contribution to #WorldEmojiDay! What’s your favorite Austin-themed emoji?                   🤠  　    🌮  🌮  🌮      🦇　  🦇　 🦇     🤘   🎸  🎸   🤘    　     ☀️　 ☀️  　      🎵　  🎵  　       👢     👢
warning issued to microsoft who is hard at work making the new "Windows": The world is watching you my friends
Các tài nguyên bổ sung, bao gồm hỗ trợ kinh tế ngay lập tức tại: 
Today the Austin community pledged to work together to help open a new homeless shelter in East Austin. Find out how you can help:  🏘️@SalArmyAustin @DowntownATXInfo 
Once you realize that compassion is useful, that it is something really worthwhile, you immediately develop a willingness to cultivate it.
We have to learn how to use our time properly. It's important to make our lives meaningful. Bullying and cheating others may give a short-term return, but leaves a nagging sense of unease. Money doesn't yield real satisfaction, whereas compassion does.
“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 
📢 @AustinMobility está ofreciendo pases GRATIS de @AustinBcycle a personas que realicen viajes esenciales.  🚲 Cuando vaya en bicicleta, manténgase a 6+ pies de distancia de los demás y lávese las manos después de cada viaje. 🚿  Obtenga su pase gratis 👉  
HHDL greeting the audience at Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Upper Dharamsala, India, on June 4, 2011. 
Today’s #ATXCouncil special called meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
Austin is one of 30 cities picked to join leaders + experts from across the country in a new @BloombergDotOrg program to help make sure our economic recovery from #COVID19 works for everyone.  👉Learn more:   @WhatWorksCities #EquityAndRecovery 
My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes &amp; Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
Congratulations, @BurgessOwens, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the #2A, he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 
 
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
IDIOT: I would love to get trapped in some sort of wall and spin around faster and faster until pieces of my body slough off ME: Ok, no,
The left is losing the middle
 
Your GPS just got slightly better 
Ramses II was 😎
We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
View the Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺 Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
Electric cars produce *much* less CO2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission &amp; vehicle production into acount 
I want a video game thats just a 3d dog barking very loud in my face
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time &amp; stop a terrible calamity — the premiere of Cats!
Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran
Tesla blows haha
Don’t Doubt ur Vibe now on Spotify 
Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!
Tackling destructive emotions like anger and hatred entails developing constructive emotions like love and compassion.
using genius Journalism to crush my enemies . . .
Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
.@austinenergy is currently suspending both residential + commercial disconnects.  Utility customers can contact the Customer Care Contact Center at 512-494-9400 with any questions.  More info:  
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
NEWSWIRE : former presideent George W bush filmed touching various fabrics, assessing their value, as the country Shits its Ass
Let us celebrate @AusPublicHealth nurses in honor of National Nurses Month! 🙌Self-care is vital for our nurses, here are a few tips to practice now:  🚶Take a walk outside    🍝Cook a tasty meal    🎧Play your favorite tunes    Make some noise @ 7pm for our #HealthcareHeroes! 
Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!
We all want to live a happy life, so we have to learn to live together in trust and mutual respect. We do have differences of race, nationality, religious faith and so on, but these differences are secondary in comparison to our equality in being human.
Joe Biden called police “The Enemy,” and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
If love is defined as a wish that others be happy and compassion as the wish that they be free from suffering, and you cultivate love and compassion within yourself, it will ensure happiness, good health and peace of mind.
HHDL with Britain's Prince Charles at Clarence House in London, England, on June 20th.                             
Thank you George! 
BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
Community Needs: #ATXCouncil accepted $7.2M in federal CARES Act funding to respond to #COVID19. The City is proposing $$$ to support programs for rent assistance, homelessness, and child care.
Texas loves John! 
The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”.
Back to School: #ATXCouncil continues funding for African American Youth Conferences, in partnership with @AAYHFoundation. The conferences at selected @AustinISD schools build academic, social, and civil skills to help middle and high-school students thrive. 📚 🎒 ✏
coke zero but for pringles. pringles zero
just reassuring you all, that if i forgot to include your favorite tweet in my book it is because it sucked Ass. Get fucked off of my page
the boys held an intervention about me "Going hollywood" because i;ve been buying plastic toothpicks now
401(K). VOTE!
every day this happens: my followers inject me with a mix of chemicals , And they kill me as they would a sick dog. Every day they do this
Protecting the Planet: In response to the threat of climate change, #ATXCouncil declares a climate emergency and directs staff to review plans for evacuations and shelter to prepare for the impacts of increased wildfire, flooding, and drought.🌎 Info:  
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews
His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his concern about the flooding in Assam, India in a gesture of solidarity with the people of Assam. 
Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.
Great meeting you! 
Model 3 long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
📲 As Cybersecurity Awareness month comes to an end, here are a few more tips to keep you, your family, and our community secure online + cyber smart:  ✔ Use secure Wi-Fi networks 💪 Use strong + unique passwords 🔒 Secure all of your devices with a PIN, password, etc. (1/2) 
Renaming BFR to Starship
Im joining Asexual, because of certain bull shit that happened in the Comment's section, and because enough is enough
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out &amp; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
The more compassionate our mind, the more we’ll be able to lead our lives transparently, honestly, truthfully, with nothing to hide.
Ms. Chief &amp; Ms. Tree 
Get those skeeters! Our Congress Street bridge bats are gentle creatures with insatiable appetites. Together they consume 10,000 to 20,000 pounds of insects per day. 🦇 #BatAppreciationMonth 
🍴 The @AustinCityParks Conley-Guerrero Senior Activity Center, Senior Transportation team, and @mealsonwheels passed out over 150 meals to participants + the East Austin senior community. The meals had extra special candy treats donated by @HEB ’s Riverside location. #PSRW 
#ATXCouncil has adjourned, but tune into  at 5:45 PM for live music and proclamations. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the ATXN archive at  
mixing various wine's together and making authentic "Al dente" pasta by straining it one minute early, as instructed by the box
The #Census2020 effort needs you! The deadline to take the Census is 5am this Friday.  As of today, #ATX's self-response rate is 66.9%. This is our last chance to secure the funding our community needs for the next 10 years.  ☑  👉  
The huge gap between rich and poor, globally and within nations, is not only morally wrong; it is also a source of practical problems.
When we are caught up in a destructive emotion, we lose one of our greatest assets: our independence.
(using a hand mirror to get a real good look at my Fucking balls) whoah!! im seeing double!
When you have a more compassionate mind and cultivate warmheartedness, the whole atmosphere around you becomes more positive and friendlier.
covid virus can live inside of a beanie baby for 10 years #beanieBurn #Burnthem
I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!
(sobbing like a fucking doofus) why isnt my feed good!! why dont these posts make me happy any more!! what is wrong with all of you!!!!!!!
nine boys crowded around a 19" television "Franklin for Fuckin adults " "Its about damn time" "Hell yes, this" *all rubbing hands together*
Improvement requires continuous effort.
#ATXCouncil has gone into recess and will return at noon for Citizen Communications. Review Council actions so far at 
As human beings we need to assess whether anger has any value - it destroys our peace of mind. Compassion, on the other hand, brings optimism and hope.
HAPPENING NOW: @MayorAdler presents the 2020 State of the City Address virtually. #ATXSOTC  Watch live: 📺 ATXN or  💻  
Falcon comes home 
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night 
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash...
We’re highlighting the community's efforts to unite, support, and keep one another safe during this difficult time. ❤️ How are you caring for and connecting with your family, friends + neighbors?    🌈 Share your stories:   🎨Daniel Johnston  #ATXforATX 
HHDL answers a student's question on the meaning of a successful life at IIT Madras, India on Nov 10th. 
The very purpose of spirituality is self-discipline. Rather than criticizing others, we should evaluate and criticize ourselves. Ask yourself, what am I doing about my anger, my attachment, my pride, my jealousy? These are the things we should check in our day to day lives.
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
.@Space_Station 
Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teachings &amp; talks from Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut, USA, on October 16-19. 
whenever i see one of those roast pigs with apple in its mouth i think "Now theres a real son of a bitch who made the wrong choices in life"
i stiltl want a picture with ghislaine maxwell so badly.  I dont care what the peanut gallery thinks
If you are not experiencing homelessness but are in need of food, please call 2-1-1 or visit  for help.   If you have people power or food resources to contribute to this effort, please direct message us for contact information. (4/4) 
When we set about cultivating those basic inner values which we all appreciate in others, then we start to live spiritually.
everyone please stop laughing immediately &amp; explain the joke to me very carefully like i'm 2 years old so I can tell you if i like it or not
No kidding 
Mhickey Mouse Cartoon Hands Flipping The Bird Marijuana Weed for Iphone and Samsung Galaxy Case (iPhone 6 plus white)
In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!
We have extra FDA-approved ventilators. Will ship to hospitals worldwide within Tesla delivery regions. Device &amp; shipping cost are free. Only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. Please me or @Tesla know.
¡Es el Día del Censo! 9 preguntas en 9 minutos ¡Hágase contar ahora! Su hogar puede llenar el Censo de tres maneras: 💻 En línea:  📞 Por teléfono: 2-1-1 📨 Por correo postal 
Just a few scenes from CityWorks – a FREE, 14-week look inside Austin government and a weekly chance to meet and question the people working for you. The adventure starts this September. Deadline to apply is 8/1:  
Falcon 9 piercing the sound barrier on reentry 
forgetting if "taking the knee" is good or bad relative ot my belief system but getting pissed off at every mention of knees just to be safe
#Coronavirus: Tips + Info🤧 
im an Empath.  im a Homeo Uncle.  im a rodney
people who like getting whacked in the balls; that shit sucks. youre outta your mind
Community Immunity: #ATXCouncil asks @DellMedSchool to conduct an immunological survey to determine the % of Austinites who have been infected with #COVID19 + how long immunity may last. The results could help guide decisions on community reopening + ID potential plasma donors. 
....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana &amp; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA &amp; @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Human happiness depends on taking others into account.
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99. 👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. ☝️Follow Council actions live at:  🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil. 
Today #ATXCouncil and @CapMetroATX discuss options for a transformative investment in public transit.  @MayorAdler said: “Transportation is a huge challenge in this city, has been for decades, and huge challenges call for huge solutions.”  Stay tuned for more details this Spring. 
arms folded, back turned to the television, refusing to "Meet the flintstones" despite the theme song's pleas
UPDATE: Harmful blue-green algae could still exist in Lady Bird Lake despite recent test results showing no toxins in algae samples. Continue to use caution + keep your pets away from the water.  
Photos: Jataka Tales Teaching 
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!
puutting shit on my dating profile like "i will never lie to someone who's nice to me" and "i wont fuck you if you don't enjoy Movies"
Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from the Beacon Theatre in New York City on October 18-20. 
No sibling rivalry here! #ATXCouncil is happy to welcome our newest sister city to the family. Pune, in Western India, is an educational &amp; cultural center, with temps reaching as high as 108 degrees. 
...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
What’s wild is that Super Heavy will have 31 Raptor engines in same space!
A great Tibetan teacher of mind training once remarked that one of the mind’s most marvelous qualities is that it can be transformed.
I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!
Thank you @LouDobbs! 
We all appreciate in others the inner qualities of kindness, patience, tolerance, forgiveness and generosity.
HHDL joins in prayers in Dharamsala, India, on April 26th, for victims of the ongoing repression in Tibet.         
This week's CityView shares how the Eating Apart Together (EAT) Initiative has distributed 100,000+ meals to people experiencing homelessness since April. The program is funded through July. 🧡   Visit    ➡️ Watch the full episode:  
.....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
nothing give s me more power in this life than blocking a guy who asks me nicely in the dms to unblock him or one of his rat friends
“I want a house. I want to go to college to be a sign language interpreter. I want to prove everyone who said I couldn’t wrong.” – Taylor, LifeWorks.  #ATXCouncil authorizes funding for @LifeWorksAustin, advancing their goal to #EndYouthHomelessness. 
And they said I’d never be a rock star …
📺Watch the meeting live at ATXN:  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.   👂Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
Anyone who’s interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing — designing &amp; building the machine that makes the machine — please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. We’re gonna take this to a whole new level!
Live Webcasts: HHDL's talks and Tibetan New Year's celebrations from Minneapolis and Washington DC on March 1-7. 
It’s unrealistic to think that the future of humanity can be achieved only on the basis of prayer, what we need is to take action.
So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
保持知情，保持健康。不必实时追踪新闻。可能一小时、一天或几天查看一次。您这样做后，这些文章和程序还会在那里，从而营造自己的空间。  👂 如果您需要与某人交谈，可以致电512-472-4357。 
UK Model 3 order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand &amp; Hong Kong
We are all social animals and compassion, care and concern for others bring us together.
LAW &amp; ORDER!
🚨 Tues. Dec. 17 City Hall will open late (10am) due to a safety drill from 8-10am. During this time the building will be closed to the public. The parking garage will operate its normal hours. 
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have 3 days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have 24 hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive. 
wearihg some ridiculously shitty looking jeans that look like half of a halloween costume
.@AusPublicHealth has published a color-coded chart to help our community understand the stages of risk &amp; provide recommendations on actions to take to stay safe during the #COVID19 pandemic.  📰View the chart + learn more here:  
What’s past is past, nothing can change that. But the future can be different if we choose to make it so. We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about. This is no time for complacency, hope lies in the action we take.
Help for Homelessness: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to assess the feasibility of city-funded housing vouchers to support individuals exiting homelessness through rapid rehousing, permanent housing, + case management related services. 
Thanks George! 
Going max hardcore on design/production Starship here in Boca. It’s awesome! Feels a bit like a Mars simulator.
guys who get circumcised when theyre like 45 years old are Sluts
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! 
gettting radicalized by bull shit metacritic review scores and making voodoo dolls of twitch girls for showing their ankles on stream
Shape Austin’s future! Apply for a role in #RedistrictATX &amp; redraw the boundaries of our 10 city council districts—a change that will impact city government for the next 10 years. ✅Select the commissioners who redraw the boundaries  📋Be a commissioner  👉 
another blissfful day ignoring the fact that 75% of my peers on this site have been rejected from offline society for pretty good reasons
Carlos Gone
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!
DID YOU KNOW? Facebook was once a small business. YOU can start a small business! Register to attend free #smallbiz training sessions and networking opportunities from May 6-10 at  #dreamsmallbiz #SmallBusinessWeek 
But we call it “caraoke”, because it’s in a 🚘
when you call me a shit head, or a dip shit, or a low rent stooge, that is like putting a knife directly into my Posts.
I believe compassion to be one of the few things we can practice that will bring immediate and long-term happiness to our lives.
I feel optimistic about the future because humanity seems to be growing more mature; scientists are paying more attention to our inner values, to the study of mind and the emotions. There is a clear desire for peace and concern for the environment.
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms 
For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden...
Austin's #MLKDay celebration kicks off tomorrow @ 9:00am in front of the MLK statue at @UTAustin.  To celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., participants march to the Capitol building and then to @HustonTillotson for more festivities.🚶  Info:  
"I do not look at the numbers beneaht the post. I only look at the letters, of the post, that are used to write the words of the post" -WINT
Happy #ValentinesDay, ATX! 💖There are many things to love about life here, but we want to know what y’all love the most—tell us how you’d spend your perfect day exploring #Austin! (1/5)
 Very Nice
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics. 
#worldturtleday these beasts are simply armoured rats ,always and forever
.@WidespreadPanic 
Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
the more i think about it , the more it seems to me that apes look like fucked up versions of humans
We need a sense of belonging to one humanity, respecting the rights and views of others.
one thing for certain is the that the trolls are having a hell of a time Whacking off to the point of ignorance as if i even give a fuck .
Building Connections: #ATXCouncil approves a funding agreement with @TxDOT for a proposed 3-mile long trail for pedestrians and bicyclists between North East Austin and Manor. 
Meanwhile, back in reality 
Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!
La Ciudad de Austin, y los Condados de Travis, Williamson y Hays han activado sus planes de evacuación para personas que evacúen de la region de la costa del Golfo.  Para más información, visite:  (1/2) 
The Public Health Order asks that all Austin/Travis County residents avoid nonessential outings and stay inside as much as possible to contain the spread of COVID-19.
rscreaming "Shut the Fuck Up" over and over again at my monitor as it slowly morphs into a Mirror and only makes me angrier
this is gas lighing. ive read posts about this 
Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as ‘them’ but ‘us’.
Be PUNctual 😜  
I wish 
my 5 point numerical scale determines how likely a user is to be negligent in wiping their ass properly, based on the stuff they post here
Having a good heart and benefiting others are proper attitudes for everyone, whether they are spiritual practitioners or not.
City facilities closed until further notice include… 📚All @AustinPubLib branches, Austin History Center + Recycled Reads ♻️Recycle &amp; Reuse Drop-off Center 🐕Austin Animal Center 🔌Utility Payment Centers - other payment options:  (1/5)
Set air flow to recirculating mode &amp; manually raise blower speed to 5 in Model 3 for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times. 
if harvard offered to increase my IQ by one point per dollar i would simply say no. And that's the most important takeaway from all this
To my way of thinking, the diversity that exists among the various religious traditions is enormously enriching.
From 6am to 12pm on Sunday (10/11/20), our website ( will be down to allow for some scheduled maintenance.🛠  📲 If you need help during that time, please call 3-1-1. 
Make sure to check the schedule before you visit an @AustinCityParks pool! 👉  
Have you hugged a tunnel today?
Dr. Mark Escott has ordered nursing homes, assisted living and other long-term care facilities to take a range of immediate actions to enhance protections against the spread of #COVID19. 🌡️  More info: 
What a sweet treat! Oreo is waiting for you. Come by the 'Clear the Shelters!' Adoption event @austinanimals center (7201 Levander Loop) on Sat. 8/17 and bring your new best friend home. Fees will be waived all day from 9am-6pm! 
People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
💟 String lights or create art in shape of ❤️ to display 💟 Get a HeroCare poster to display:  💟 Leave a message for healthcare workers:  &amp;  💟 Share a story of appreciation:  (2/2)
#ATXCouncil today accepted federal funds + directed local funding to help low-income families, uninsured patients, struggling renters, utility customers, and local businesses impacted by the #COVID19 crisis.   
⚠️Attention commuters⚠️: Storms rolling into #Austin around rush hour today could bring flooding and high winds. Know before you go:  #AustinWeather 
I believe that if we make an effort to develop peace of mind within ourselves and cultivate a proper appreciation of the oneness of humanity, we can create a happier, more peaceful world. What we need is common sense—the positive use of intelligence—and warm-heartedness.
Big plans ahead for the Asian American Resource Center in North East Austin. #ATXCouncil has adopted a Master Plan outlining proposals for a new performing arts center, classrooms, a sculpture garden, and a nature trail.  
Census data guide the allocation of more than $800 billion in funding to programs across the U.S. that are crucial to the well-being of families and communities, including for health care, housing, transportation, and food. 2/4
Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
Three Raptors on a Starship 
#DYK that over 2000 potholes we’re repaired on #ATX streets last year? 🤯 Of those, 96% of them were repaired within 72 hours of reporting. 🕳  If you'd like to report a pothole or another street maintenance repair, call 3-1-1 📞 
It’s officially #voting day for the joint primaries. 🗳  Your vote is your voice so if you haven’t already, go out and exercise your right. 💪 You have until 7 PM!   More info + live wait times at  ✅ 
What is it that you first seek when inspecting a profile which presents a potential networking opportunity
A Healthy Mind for a Healthy Body - HHDL speaks about the importance of peace of mind at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on October 17, 2018. 
Join the @ParamountAustin Story Wranglers for FREE lessons every Monday @ 11:30am CT. Kids + their families will learn about creative writing, brainstorming, drafting, revising + publish an original story! 📚 Lessons are on Facebook + at  #ATXforATX 
cowboy `s blade
#ATXCouncil approves incentives to install solar electric systems at 2 affordable housing communities. The reduced emissions will be equivalent to: 🌳 Planting 3,542 trees 🚗 Removing 45 cars Details:  Find out how to go solar:  
Play Football Big Ten! 
Learn more about the City's work to keep our community safe. 👇 #COVID19 #ATX 
Watch the presentation on The University of Texas study on Alternative Futures for the Austin Convention Center District on 
Great book! 
.@TulsaPort, $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay 
thinking of turning back into white (Caucasian)
duhhh ok yes sir thank you sir 
Too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
.....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release....
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99. 👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM ☝️Follow Council actions live at:  🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil 
In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!
Also 
❤️Together we will get through this. Take a break from the daily feed and visit  to read about how our fellow Austinites are coming together for the good of our community.  Share your positive story, too! We want to hear from you. #ATXforATX 
The best way of fulfilling your own interest is to take care of others.
I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to @Space_Station tomorrow 
me and the boys charging through the streets carrying a massive battering ram headed for Mens big in tall store
as wander my study, Quill Pen in one hand, Whisky in the other, i muse, one might perhaps take me for a Famous Author, from the days of old,
Heroes, assemble!  Today is the 5th annual Hero Day @dellchildrens, a yearly event when @Austin_Police don the super suits of our favorite champions to meet and mingle with patients and their parents — the bravest of us all.  #HeroDay #AvengersAssemble #IRL #LoveATX 
All aboard! 🚂Help the @austinparksfdn name the new mini train coming to Zilker Park!🛤️  👉 Send in your ideas or a Zilker Train coloring sheet by Sept. 21:  
the gaming challenge: load up your video game of choice and play it until you reach the credits sequence. the gaming challenge
True! 
The City of Austin will conduct normal operations today. Due to local school district weather delays - including @AustinISD - employees with school aged children should contact their supervisors to make appropriate arrangements to adjust work schedules as needed. #ATXWX
you can learn so much crap just by clicking on like two things. 
New emoji! Last one comes with free phone hack. 
HHDL’'s advice for the New Year delivered during his address at the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies' 50th Anniversary in Sarnath, Varanasi, India on January 1, 2018. His Holiness speaks in Tibetan followed by an English translation. 
The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
Starship Super Heavy with 35 Raptors
HHDL greeting players before the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket match in Dharamsala, India, on May 21, 2011.  
Once they are properly developed, the mind's good qualities increase indefinitely.
Women have been shown to be more sensitive to others' suffering, whereas, warriors celebrated for killing their opponents are almost always men. We need to see more women in leadership roles and more closely involved in education about compassion. #InternationalWomensDay
As well as refraining from negative thoughts and emotions, we need to cultivate and reinforce our positive qualities.
Moved by the tragedy of unprecedented flooding and landslides in Uttarakhand, India, HHDL expresses his sympathy. 
Missing live music these days? This week’s CityView At Home highlights @ESBMACC's free, bi-weekly virtual concert series—Desde La Sala. Mark your calendars for the next one!  📅 August 8th from 6-9pm 👉 More info:  ➡️ Full episode:  
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
the "Shit my pants" challenge: if you can make me cry or shit my pants though the computer ill apologize to everyone whosever been mad at me
the most solid benefit to owning your own pool is that you get to keep all the animals that drown in it
Photos: His Holiness Returns to Dharamsala 
Love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.
Need some creative inspiration this weekend? Join @econvitalityATX  &amp; @AustinISD at the Central Library’s Cookbook Café at 4PM today for a free, walking tour celebrating some of the stunning, public art we have on 2nd Street! Pictures don’t quite do them justice... 
“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan
Compassion suits our physical condition, whereas anger, fear and distrust are harmful to our well-being. Therefore, just as we learn the importance of physical hygiene to physical health, to ensure healthy minds, we need to learn some kind of emotional hygiene.
LAW &amp; ORDER!
me and the most profound influencers of our time will soon "Bring back the chuck norris shit" in a display of raw contempt for our followers
When tragedy or misfortune comes our way, if we can shift our focus away from self and toward others, we experience a freeing effect.
In order to create a happy century, a peaceful century we must promote the concept of dialogue.
Nothing has gaslit more people than the movie Gaslight
Just had a long engineering discussion with Medtronic about state-of-the-art ventilators. Very impressive team!
We’re adding a “party &amp; camper mode” soon to S/3/X, so your car can maintain air flow, temp, selective lights, music &amp; power devices for 48 hours or more while parked. Big batteries rock …
If we have peace of mind, we’ll always feel happy. Deceiving ourselves that money is the source of happiness, we won’t.
在7月4日 (#4thOfJuly) 这个周末，我们希望您有时间放松身心，并与亲人一起享受一些健康，安全的活动。  不管你是... 🍔 和您的家人一起烧烤 💻 与他人虚拟联系 🎇 找时间放松自己  请留在家中 (#StayHome) 以减慢 (#SlowTheSpread)＃COVID19 的传播。 
#peakMale #godPerformance 
HHDL speaks about genuine friendship in this short video clip from his meeting with students in New Delhi on March 22 
Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
We tend to forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.
computer show me an animated picture of bugs bunny eating a huge watermelon in a way thats comical but not racist
Great song 
Have you fully recovered from #COVID19? Donate your plasma to @WeAreBlood + help treat patients currently fighting the virus.  To donate you must: ✅Have a prior lab-confirmed diagnosis ✅Have no symptoms for 14-28 days ✅Meet standard donor criteria  👉  
Makes me so mad when smart, ethical scientists I know are accused of publishing climate papers for “grant money”. They earn 🥜 vs their other opportunities, but give that up to help world. But their accusers make billions by slowing down clean energy. Which is more credible?
Through constant training we can enhance our positive attitudes and thoughts and reduce their opposing negative attitudes.
Anger can be reduced if we work to cultivate love and affection. However, we first have to come to terms with whatever benefits or disadvantages anger may bring. Primarily, anger destroys our peace of mind; loving-kindness earns us friends and eliminates the risk of being alone.
If we make a common attempt to improve our education systems, we can educate the coming generations to be more compassionate.
shut thr fuck up 
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
ME: computer; what is my Jeans Number please COMPUTER: your jeans number is 5. the ultimate compromise of durability &amp; comfort ME: (Smiling)
Caring for others is the best way to fulfil our own interests. We are social animals; we need to be warm-hearted and to take care of others.
🔥
😷 继续戴面罩 + 在公共场合与他人保持6英尺的距离。 🚗 差旅 + 不必要的活动应减至最少。 🧼 每个人都应通过经常洗手+遮掩咳嗽+打喷嚏来继续保持良好的卫生习惯。 (2/2)
#PublicServiceRecognitionWeek continues! Today we thank our many City employees serving Austin’s economic opportunity and affordability.   ✅Here are just a few highlights...  [see thread below]
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering 
Help for Renters: #ATXCouncil approved an ordinance giving struggling tenants impacted by #COVID19 a 60-day grace period before their landlord can begin eviction proceedings against them. View the draft ordinance:  2/5
Because of the profoundly interconnected reality of today’s world, we need to relate to the challenges we face as a single human family
More jokes about the movie "Baby driver" .  Soon
Jobs, Jobs, Jobs: 70,000 sq ft + 200 staff + East Austin + @wfscapitalarea = the largest Career Center in the city, with a loan just approved by #ATXCouncil. More info: 
Clarification and Context of Remarks Made by His Holiness the Dalai Lama in a Recent BBC Interview  
Live: HHDL's talk Finding Happiness in Troubled Times, Bangalore, India on Jan 30, 2:30-4pm IndianStandardTime 
i hate it when im jacking off, and... And, uh,.  thats it. thats the tweet
To speak remotely at the Mar. 26 #ATXCouncil meeting: 👉 Call in 30 minutes prior to the meeting, late calls will not be accepted. 👉 Speakers will be placed in a queue until it is their time to speak. 📺 Watch online at: 
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight 11/11. Single adult men or women in need of shelter should report to the ARCH. Families in need should report to the Salvation Army. For more information call the 24/7 shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #winterweather
Our community has reached Stage 4 of the #COVID19 risk-based guidelines. This means all community members should avoid social gatherings. High-risk individuals should stay home as much as possible.  Read more:  View guidelines:  (1/2) 
Creating more outdoor space. #ATXCouncil approves a new Vision Plan for Trevino Metro Park in East Austin. The plan restores parts of the historic property while also creating trails and playgrounds and more access to the Colorado River. 
Peace has much to do with warm-heartedness and respect for the lives of others.
🗓 City Council District 6 is hosting a community workshop to discuss public safety reform in Austin this Saturday, September 19 at 10am.   👉 Sign up here to participate:  
Live: HHDL's teaching on Stages of the Path to Enlightenment &amp; Overview of Tantra from Dharamsala, India August 25-27 
Fear and anxiety easily give way to anger and violence. The opposite of fear is trust, which, related to warm-heartedness, boosts our self-confidence. Compassion also reduces fear, reflecting as it does a concern for others’ well-being. This is what really attracts friends.
more and more sources are reporting "an end to sex"
Am def not under any illusion that this will end illiteracy, but I hope it helps at least a little 
oh every day i m getting Mail like, "It drives me Nuts! You are a fucked bitch, your posts stink my ass... But youre not wrong." and smiling
It is a HOT one today #ATX. A few heat safety tips to consider:  🌬️ Find air conditioning 🏃 Avoid strenuous activities 🎽 Wear light clothing  🚰 Drink plenty of fluids  🥵 Watch for heat cramps/exhaustion/stroke  🚗 Never leave people or pets in a closed car #ATXWeather 
Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!
Cybertruck unveil on Nov 21 in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
Flying High: The busy summer travel season has ended with another record-breaking month at @AUStinAirport. July 2019 was the busiest month in the airport's history, with 1.64 million passengers traveling.   Read our plan to accommodate this growth:  
Photos: Democracy Service Medal 2010 
i have been strategically poisoning myself to make my dick smaller and more cone-shaped so it can fit into condoms easier
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!
looking for medicines that will make the fish in my koi pond shit less often
And some vitamin k too
Improved Accommodations 
These horrible &amp; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment &amp; everything else. Vote Trump 2020!
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
thinking going to the Kingdom of Heaven for fucking one trillion years is a fairly nice deal
View the full Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺Watch the meeting live at  Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, or U-Verse channel 99.  👂Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM.
srsly 
LA is so beautiful after the rain 
At Tesla Giga Shanghai NSFW!! 
Japan, the one country to have suffered nuclear attack, has taken the lead in opposing nuclear weapons. I strongly urge you to keep it up.
changing my bio to "Nobody Helps Me" , to punish society
UPDATE: See our most recent flyer in English here. 
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting has begun. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
My aim has been to appeal for an approach to ethics based on universal rather than religious principles.
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!
Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!
Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!
 
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then 3, but they are all very close. 
" i never met a Simpson i didn't like. " -SimpsonsWade
As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust. And trust grows when we show real concern for others’ well-being.
 
Protect and Serve: #ATXCouncil accepted $885,000 in federal funding for personal protective equipment, overtime, and pandemic response training for @Austin_Police officers.
cgi irl 
Best place to view is from the beach. Excitement guaranteed! 
Live Webcasts: HHDL’s teaching on "Essence of Refined Gold” from Dharamsala, India, on November 20-21. 
Host meme review? 
“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.” 
Public comment will be allowed via telephone, but no in-person input will be allowed. All speakers must register in advance by noon on Wed. Mar. 25:   All public comment will occur at the beginning of the #ATXCouncil meeting starting at 2 p.m.
Tonight 
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!
👉If you see a violation, please report it by calling 3-1-1.
consider how unprepared society would be if every bug and moth flying around just started taking giant shits constantly, like human sized
We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!
update from the good time line—Bacion is legal to eat at work thanks to President Banksy in the whitehouse, now known as the star wars house
Para guardar la seguridad en Austin, la orden requiere que los residentes de Austin se queden en casa a excepción del trabajo y actividades esenciales. La gente debe mantener la “distancia social” de por lo menos 6 pies cuando lleve a cabo las actividades permitidas. (2/5)
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly.  To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor and Council Members participating remotely. 
Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
not sure if im hearing all the lyrics, but it seems like the guy in the song "Bad to the bone" is bad because he has a lot of consensual sex
Live Webcast: HHDL and Rev. Dada J.P. Vaswani, hosted by Aamir Khan from Pune, India on July 28th. 
The world's major religious traditions all give the development of compassion a key role.
Relief in a State of Emergency (RISE) Funding is awarded to the following agencies to provide immediate services + financial assistance to those impacted by #COVID19: @CCcentraltexas, @ElBuen, @AFSSAustin + @AAULTX 📰 More info:  📌  
burger king just did a $100 billion ad campaign to tell us theyre putting piss in the food now when i tell people that for free every day
iwish i could grasp my monitor by both sides and shake all the stupid ass trinkets off this youtube reviewers shelves
world health organization apparently "too busy" to look at my idea for a backwards hospital gown that covers only the ass
It is heartening to know that European Union leaders have succeeded in meeting one of the toughest challenges in the organization’s history by agreeing a package of measures to rescue their economies from the disruption caused by the pandemic.  
Meaningful dialogue requires us to respect others' rights and interests—compromise is the only way to resolve disputes.
Tesla Model S &amp; X have hospital-grade (HEPA) air filters. 3 &amp; Y are really good too. This has a big effect on health. 
I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
pringles caliphate
 Looks like shit
Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands.
The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child's fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love.
wiping your ass is now officially Politics
We 💚 the environment here in #ATX! Take some time this #WorldEnvironmentDay to learn about what you can do to #BeatAirPollution and make a difference right where you live.  @UNEnvironment
In our continued efforts to mitigate #COVID19, @AusPublicHealth has partnered with local healthcare providers to operate referral-testing sites. Note: these aren’t walk-up sites and there is a process for community members to be tested. More info:  
#ATXCouncil has adjourned. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the  archive at  
But The Boring Company is right behind you at 1/15th your speed &amp; soon will be 1/10th! Start sweating …
Feeling very crapped on by my followers
imagining the guys on Shark Tank laying into the guy who invented the fucking porky pig character "What were you thinking !!"
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in 3 weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of 1st Model 3 dual motor performance coming off the line … 
Join the @AustinAuditor team tomorrow for an #AskMeAnything on #Reddit (r/Austin) about the #RedistrictATX process.  📅 Tuesday, July 14 ⏰ 10 a.m.-1 p.m. 👉 Info:   📌 Learn more:  #AMA 
Si no se cuentan, nuestras comunidades podrían perder los fondos necesarios para abordar los problemas de salud pública y salud mental. (#GetCounted) ¡Sea contado HOY!  👉  
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book, “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
Short video clip of HHDL talking about the importance of compassion in New Delhi, India, on November 19th. 
In today’s interconnected and globalized world, it’s now commonplace for people of different world views, faiths and races to live side by side. It’s a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect
HHDL addresses the audience during celebrations in honor of his 76th birthday held in Washington DC on July 6th.   
Tentative date for Tesla Shareholder Meeting &amp; Battery Day is Sept 15. Will include tour of cell production system.
#ATXCouncil is on Item #26: Conduct a public hearing to receive input on the City’s Draft Fiscal Year 2019-2024 Consolidated Plan and Fiscal Year 2019-2020 Annual Action Plan. Follow along at  To see actions taken today go here: 
View the intricate designs of the ATX+PAK Fashion Forward Initiative Delegation on display at City Hall (301 W 2nd St.) now until July 31! City Hall is open daily Monday - Friday from 8am-5pm. ATX+PAK is an international business development initiative by @econvitalityATX 🛍️ 
Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
Saying you like “moats” is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
As a reminder, I’m in *favor* of universal basic income
Una comunidad saludable y fortalecida contribuye a una economía sólida. Un número preciso del Censo significa que nuestra comunidad, incluidas las empresas afectadas por el COVID-19, pueden obtener los fondos que se merecen. ¡Sea contado HOY!  👉  
Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!
More dog parks or better enforcement of dogs on leashes? We asked for your priorities in our recent Our Parks, Our Future survey. Come and discuss the initial findings, and our long range plan, on May 2, 3, or 4.  #OurParksOurFuture 
The greatest threat we face today is violence.
If there can be a greater sense of oneness in the world, then violence and killing will end.
#ATXCouncnil is back in session. Will be starting with agenda item 69.
point blank blasting a pair of jeans with a 120 decibel leaf blower at 6am even though i have been" warned about doing this"
seeing people performing perfect slam dunks on the basketball court is worthless to me.  It;s nothing
I LOVE @GoyaFoods!
We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.
I believe the ultimate source of blessings is within us. A good motivation and honesty bring self-confidence, which attracts the trust and respect of others. Therefore the real source of blessings is in our own mind.
“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &amp; Growth!!!
It is necessary to help others, not only in our prayers, but in our daily lives.
In our day to day life warm-heartedness is the key factor for happiness.
The remaining items on the consent agenda (1-105 and 172-189) are approved.  View all the agenda items at 
The gun may seem more decisive in the short term, but in the long term the power of truth is stronger.
For Nursing Home Residents: #ATXCouncil directed City staff to develop, fund + implement programs to prevent + mitigate spread of #COVID19 among residents + staff of nursing homes + other long-term care facilities, and other vulnerable individuals:  8/11
Para poder mantener nuestra comunidad segura y saludable durante esta pandemia, @AusPublicHealth junto con proveedores de salud locales han colaborado para operar sitios de pruebas con citas en manera eficiente.  
Eiating a $26 Wagyu peanut butter and jelly sandwich while pushing some buttons on my watch
Bravo Texas! 
If you’re in media &amp; don’t want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it …
...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!
It’s not just money we need to lead a happy life; more important is to find inner peace.
.@AustinPublicLib is getting ready to reopen library book drops + begin reintegrating employees into the workplace.   Check out this thread for more info 👇 
Austin-Travis County has modified + extended Orders to help #SlowTheSpread of #COVID19 through Aug 15.  When in public: ↔️ Practice physical distancing 😷 Wear fabric face coverings 🙅 Do not gather w/ non-household members (2/2) 
dark times......... 
The quality of every human activity ultimately depends on our motivation.
Friendly reminder, #ATX! While it's illegal to use or sell common fireworks within our City limits, the following ARE allowed:  ✅ Snakes, GlowWorms  ✅ Smoke Devices ✅ Wire Sparklers  ✅ Trick Noisemakers Learn more:  #4thofJuly 
thinking about getting some miniature Gibson guitar replicas box framed, and hanging thenm up for the boys to come over and look at
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes,  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!
tbh smh
The first of my personal commitments is to work to increase human happiness by encouraging the cultivation of inner values and a sense of concern for others’ well being. These are the key factors whether one is a religious person or not.
EVERY ONE: Divorce jokes are SO funny, and I love to spout my mouth to disresepect  and jeff ME: No no no. Im uncomfortable. No
the basketball version of a home run is when you throw a basketball really hard at the roof and get it stuck in the rafters some how
Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!
Seems to me that we have been more becoming like a country of people who let Cell phones define our brain... FUCK !!!
We cannot overcome anger and hatred simply by suppressing them. We need to actively cultivate the antidotes: patience and tolerance.
We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
What is important is not so much how long you live as whether you live a meaningful life. This doesn’t mean accumulating money and fame, but being of service to your fellow human beings. It means helping others if you can, but even if you can’t do that, at least not harming them.
Can a local government adopt a puppy? Asking for a friend 👋 🐶#AdoptDontShop #Austin 
Tomorrow is #EarthDay. Let’s do our part to stop climate change by starting with the city we love. Reducing your carbon footprint isn’t as difficult as you think.  
Wealth should serve humanity, not vice versa.
by refusing to accept my invitation to a formal debate. octomom has gone Rogue
“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it, hard to watch! 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly.   To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be 'virtual' with public speakers, Mayor and Council Members participating remotely. 
Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!
The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 
the most important part of any account on here is the posts. if you dont have the posts youre basically finished
The most compassionate form of giving is done with no thought or expectation of reward, and grounded in genuine concern for others.
a banner ad that pissed me off siad "This Guys Getting More "Ass" Than You Ever Will " and it was just a picture of the nutty professor
pledging to cut down on "oafish" behavior, such as accidentally eating spicy food or having my shirt ripped off by a windmill
With the completion of the final zoning item, #ATXCouncil's meeting is adjourned. Review Council actions today at  The meeting will be available to watch again at  shortly.
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
We must pass The Great Filter
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
If we have no inner peace, we deceive ourselves into thinking that comfort and prosperity will bring happiness.
♥️🇳🇴 Norway 🇳🇴♥️ 
Great trip to Germany. Support from government &amp; people is super appreciated!
Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!
Death to all Mosquitoes!!!* They’re annoying. And they spread disease. And they love to breed in water in discarded tires. Recycle your old tires for free this Saturday (4/27) at Tire Take Back Day.  (*except for the ones Austin's bats need to eat). 
HHDL sends his congratulations to the three 2011 Noble Peace Prize winners. 
Essay by HHDL "Countering Stress and Depression" originally published by Hindustan Times, India, on January 3rd, 2011. 
Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
The @AustinAuditor wants your input on community policing in Austin. Survey link below 👇 
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!
💘 be still my beating heart 💘 
La Ciudad de Austin quiere invertir en lo que es más importante para usted. 👏    Desde ahora hasta el 31 de mayo, díganos cuáles son sus prioridades para nuestro presupuesto municipal llenando esta encuesta hoy en     #ATXBudget 
His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
Cộng đồng chúng ta đã đạt đến Giai Đoạn 4 của quy định hướng dẫn dựa trên nguy cơ #COVID19. Có nghĩa là tất cả các thành viên cộng đồng nên tránh tụ tập giao lưu.  🏠Những người dễ có nguy cơ mắc bệnh nên ở nhà ở mức.  👉  (1/3) 
Put this question to yourself: should I use everyone else to attain happiness, or should I help others gain happiness?
It's Go Time! The Austin Transit Partnership (ATP) will guide the #ProjectConnect investment with transparency + accountability.  Are you an expert in finance, engineering, or planning? Qualifications for the ATP Board:  [PDF].  👉 
LAW &amp; ORDER!
need a dog who can maneuver something in the ball park of 600000 blocks of limestone around my yard 
Btw, you can buy a Tesla online in less than 2 mins &amp; give it back for a full refund for any reason 
Loving is of even greater importance than being loved.
HHDL on CNN’s Piers Morgan Tonight originally broadcast on April 25, 2012. 
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
If you show concern for others and respect for their rights you will establish trust; and trust is the basis of friendship.
Working Together: #ATXCouncil authorized an agreement with @DellMedSchool and others to share data, monitor individuals, trace contacts, model data, and make recommendations to help understand, respond to, and mitigate the spread of #COVID19, at no cost to the City. 4/6
A flash flood warning is in effect for the Austin area until 9:30pm. Check  for the status of lower water crossings. #ATXwx
dont mind me... im just a forgotten content creator from a bygone era, whose dick happens to be covered in aphids
being desperate enough for human connection to go onto girls posts &amp; chide them for using Twitter Web Client or whatever other one they used
The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart.
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!
$5 poison vs $100,000 poison.. which kills more Rats
The idea of one side suffering defeat while the other side triumphs is out of date. Instead we have to develop dialogue.
mr. Crapped On Daily
every day, the content creator sits at his Oak Escritoire and asks "How can I transfer the maximum amount of pain to my parasitic Engagers"
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think … 
In working for the good of humanity I don't think of myself just as a Tibetan or a Buddhist, but as a human being. We have to think of the whole of humanity. Being human is the common ground in our efforts to create a better world, because we all survive in dependence on others.
Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &amp; SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here:  
A calm and peaceful mind is something very essential.
In advance of this, please try to hack Starlink &amp; Tesla Mothership! 
guy who once posted "Service dogs love having their ears grabbed" given permanent seat in wolf blitzers situation room #Redemption
Because of the risks involved in indulging in unrestrained desire and greed we need to cultivate contentment and simplicity.
Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
Join @SmallBizAustin &amp; @econvitalityATX for National #SmallBusinessWeek with five days of free #smallbiz sessions covering industry insights, marketing, legal, and business planning. Details at  #dreamsmallbiz 
twitter 2050 is an enhanced reality experience where you can step into a virtual sweatshop and lecture the workers about their Table Manners
His Holiness the Dalai Lama meets with President Barack Obama in the Map Room of the White House on July 16, 2011. 
In order to derive the maximum benefit the wise thing is to take care of others.
Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &amp; the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
Developing inner values is much like physical exercise. The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become.
My number one commitment is to extend awareness that peace of mind depends on our cultivating inner values.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Completes a Successful Visit to Slovenia and Arrives in Zurich 
El Sistema de Refugio Regional de Austin ya está ha llegado a capacidad.  Los evacuados de #HuracánLaura deben continuar viajando hacia el norte de Texas y pueden llamar al 2-1-1 para obtener más información sobre las ubicaciones de refugios alternativos.📌 
Presentation streaming live from  at 8pm Pacific
i just need to say, to anyone reading this.. You are Important, You are loved, and You belong in this world, if you have over 5000 followers
Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!).
The essence of compassion is a desire to alleviate the suffering of others and to promote their well-being.
Breath of Fresh Air: #ATXCouncil earlier okayed funds for @CAPCOGTX air quality monitoring, outreach and data collection in the Austin-Round Rock-Georgetown area. View real-time air quality conditions in #ATX at  🍃  
Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!
Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
inner dipaer absorbing the brunt of it, mid-diaper locking down any and all "Stragglers", outer diaper "The courtesy diaper" for the fans...
Even while school campuses are closed due to #COVID19, @CISCentralTX is still a resource for students + families in need by providing:  👪 Referrals to community resources 💻 Virtual case management 💰 Emergency financial assistance  More Info:   #ATXforATX 
the most bone headed move is to just go out and about with a name like "scooter." that shit sucks. Hell no. i would not even name a dog that
With no advertising &amp; no paid endorsement
if i wanted to watch super bowl id just put on one of the damn 50 other super bowls they did.  you've all fucked up once again
'Today is Election Day' - Message from Austin City Manager Spencer Cronk + #ElectionDay safety recommendations from @AusPublicHealth Interim Health Authority @MeaEscott:  (5/5) 
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 
Even our personal virtues, such as patience and our sense of ethics, are all developed in dependence upon others.
when the mother fuckers wrote "Yankee Doodle", i bet they thought we were still going to give a shit about the word "Doodah" in 2020,
We have a marvellous brain, but have to use it properly. It's scientific to be sceptical, to research and experiment. An approach I admire.
Fundamentally human beings are the same. Imagine being lost in some remote place and suddenly seeing someone coming towards you over the horizon. You wouldn't care about their race, nationality or religious faith, you'd be filled with the joy of encountering another human being.
100 years ago i looked at the first ever drawing of mickey mouse and i said out loud that that shit was going to make $99,000,000,000,000
The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety &amp; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo
HHDL enjoys a moment with one of the youngsters who performed before his address in New Delhi, India on April 2nd. 
When Ur Girl Is "On Point" - Hooking U Up With That Gold Bond Medicated Powder - Because She KNOw That The Dick Good
El domingo 11 de octubre del 2020, el sitio web del City of Austin ( estará fuera de servicio por mantenimiento de 6 a.m. a 12 p.m. 🛠  📲 Si necesita ayuda, llame al 3-1-1. 
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
♥️ snacks ♥️ 
Serving and helping others out of compassion is non-violence in action.
in a show of deference towards teens , the majestic mount fuji has been renamed to ``Teen mountain`` , in a move that is sure to piss me off
London to Beijing Supercharger route 
Deepfake 
completing my "Dip Shit" look by donning a humongous bib with a picture of a sailboat on it
8 years later, the simulation is mostly real
social distancing? I've been social distancing my whole life Lol . no ventilators? Ive been breathing without a ventilator my whole life Lol
Squirrels … 
Good summary of Tesla progress in 2018 by @cleantechnica (due to Tesla team, not me though)  via @cleantechnica
TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
And so annoying
The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear. Others will trust you because of your open heart.
by calling them "Stackers" instead of quesadillas, taco bell is legally allowed to fill them with 49% bird shit
We're live! Here's the link to join us: 
Great new book by Sarah! 
my opinion of Personal Drama in World Events?? Hell, theres not enough of it. my opinion of politics in Racism? There aint enough of it
Tesla history trivia: we didn’t actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late 2004. He’d originally filed for it in 1994. Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later. 
This Nov. 3, election voters will be asked to consider initial funding for high-capacity transit system Project Connect.  Prop A would dedicate taxes to a new rail + bus transit service, park + rides, downtown transit tunnel + neighborhood circulators.  👉 
Now 
Applications to showcase your CPG products at our Alibaba Pitch Event are closing today. Apply now:  #smallbiz
Expanding affordable childcare: #ATXCouncil approves start-up funding for five new pre-K classes within @AISD and three in @DelValleISD. Investing in early education will give our children a foundation to prepare them for success in kindergarten and beyond. 🙌 
Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!
Actual data reference CHHS 
SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!
Without an altruistic motivation, scientists cannot distinguish between beneficial technologies and the merely expedient.
We’re here for you. Please #StayHomeWorkSafe for us.   @austinfiredept @Austin_Police @ATCEMS 
Es mejor regresarse que ahogarse. Visite  para ver un mapa de cierres actualizado en tiempo real.
The real source of happiness involves one’s state of mind, outlook, and motivation, and one’s level of warmheartedness towards others.
Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &amp; Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis
Turns out there’s more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We ♥️♥️♥️ you!! 
Agenda items 95 (creating an Austin Water Oversight Committee)  and 186 (directive to City Manager to launch a shared streets pilot on Rainey Street) have been approved by #ATXCouncil.
every one who has ever retweeted my shit owes me $125 for sharing my personal data, full stop
Keeping Austin green and safe🌳: #ATXCouncil approves a contract to add additional tree pruning services for @austinenergy. This will not only help with avoiding downed powerlines and provide reliable energy, but could also reduce the risks of wildfires. 
🖤 Fallout Radio  🖤 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
OG wisdom 
Remember that calmness and compassion are an important part of living a fruitful, positive human life.
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never) 
Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!
Dr. Lauren Meyers, from UT, told #ATXCouncil individuals could still help prevent the spread of #COVID19 by continuing to reduce contacts with others, stay + work from home, wear cloth face coverings, maintain physical distance, wash hands + closely monitor their health.
😉
When you face problems in your lives, don’t resort to the use of force, try to employ dialogue to find a solution.
Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options.
HHDL talks about the need for hope in our lives in a clip from his Tulane University Commencement address on May 18 
Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?
ive gotten word that pussy_hacker has taken SirGamestop out for a night on the town that he wont soon forget, and then some ,
patreon reward demecratic debate live commentary by "SirGamestop"
Lễ #4thOfJuly cuối tuần này, chúng tôi hi vọng quý vị có thời gian để thư giãn và tham gia các hoạt động an toàn với người thân của quý vị. Cho dù là quý vị… 🍔Làm tiệc nướng với gia đình 💻Kết nối với những người khác trên mạng Xin #StayHome.  #COVID19 
Join @MayorAdler, the Office of Police Oversight, the Equity Office, and the Mayor’s Committee for People with Disabilities for a virtual townhall on Public Safety: People with Disabilities and Policing.💻  📅 Dec. 2, 2020 ⏰ 6 - 8:30pm ✔ RSVP:  
From the comfort of your own home, join us for a virtual-only lighting ceremony of the Zilker Holiday Tree on Nov. 26 at 6 p.m.!🎄  There are no in-person viewing options for the ceremony.  👉More info at:  
THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
Geting that "Impersonating an officer" money
Moving on Out! 🎶 July 20-21 is the first weekend of #MoveOutATX! #UT students can get perks for donating good stuff to local reuse org's + feel good knowing they kept it out of the landfill. More information on what can be donated and where:   ♻️ 
Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!
mr Wantin to be suckin
Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov
I often tease young people about their concern for how they look; more important is inner beauty - compassion, affection and respect.
imagining a guy who calls every Simpsons character a "Simpson" (even ancillary ones, outside of the main family) and letting him ruin my day
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
California
goinh to stay inside all weekend with my vast library of console releases. due to Wuhan
Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews
Live Webcast: HHDL’s teaching on the “Life Stories of the Buddha (Jataka Tales)” from Dharamsala, India on March 16. 
Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!
In a materialistically oriented world there isn’t much understanding of the workings of the mind. What’s necessary is to recognise the trouble caused by negative emotions and that we can develop antidotes to them. The antidote to fear and anger is compassion
📣 Debido a #COVID19, las autoridades municipales han anunciado una Orden de Salud Pública, “Quedarse en casa/trabajar seguro”, a excepción de las actividades/trabajo esenciales. Entrará en vigor el martes, 24 de marzo a las 11:59 p.m. 📌  (1/5)
Don’t Doubt ur Vibe 
the Clitoral pussy
We have reached a critical point in this #COVID19 pandemic + we’re asking community members to increase efforts to protect their neighbors. (3/3)  📌Info + resources: 
Jobs for Homeless: #ATXCouncil approves funding for the expansion of the Workforce First program – run by @toofound – to provide temporary, paid work to individuals experiencing homelessness.  
...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...
Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!
Pull up a chair kiddies, its Thread time.  Let's get to the point. I messed up. I said that the super bowl is a game show, when it cle(1/66)
Raceway &amp; flap hinge aero covers
Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
fuck it , if youre still anonymous in 2018 you are 100% a pervert
Austin is one of the most at-risk communities in the country for wildfires, but we are not powerless against them. Register for @WildfireDiv’s free event on May 3 to know your risk and prepare your home &amp; community:  
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon &amp; a few other things
Is your nonprofit or faith-based organization needing community-wide support due to #COVID19?  Find find safe + effective opportunities to connect w/ local donors and volunteers to help your cause + support the #ATXforATX community.  👉 Visit  
HHDL is welcomed on his arrival in Osaka on October 29th, at the start of a ten day visit to Japan.                
Open your eyes, look up to the skies
HHDL talks about the importance of optimism at a meeting with youth leaders at his residence in India on May 4th. 
i speak for every mother fucker when i say i would pay gladly $100000 for a Mature version of Franklin the turtle show
Item #78 on todays agenda has been postponed until the regular #ATXCouncil meeting on Thurs. 6/20.  Items that were pulled for discussion for Thursday’s meeting on June 20th are 64-69; 78, 87, 89,132,173,177-179, and 184-185.
Where’s Flextape when you need it!?
#Austin, let’s all have a fun + safe #LaborDay.    ❌ DON’T allow pets (or people) to swim in or drink from Lady Bird Lake.   🌳 Stay hydrated &amp; seek shade.   ✅ Make a plan to get home safely.   More info on algae:  
After a trip to the lake, which classic #Austin food would you like to dig into?
Great! 
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly &amp; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center. 
A deep awareness of the goodness of human beings, that they are essentially kind, helpful, and gentle, can give us courage and hope. On a personal level too, such a vision of our basic nature can help promote a greater sense of well-being and connectedness with others.
emerging from dissociative fugue as husky teen w/frosted tips, striped polo, red shorts, nokia N-gage, unusually hot mom, above ground pool,
Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &amp; its polices. Strange ad paid for (?) by “U.S. Tech Workers”.
The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that @boringcompany built a 6000 ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally 10X better, should be operational next year. For reference: 
chase bank is simply trolling by removing money from random peoples accounts, it's funny and ground breaking and if you get mad your a karen
Join us for a testing-focused #COVID19 "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit with Dr. Chris Hewitt, the City's assistant medical director today from 11 am-1pm at  #AMA 
If you have love and compassion towards all living beings, particularly toward your enemy, that is true love and compassion.
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
hot wheels toys for adults called Adult wheels
Find out how the Downtown Austin Community Court is helping to prevent individuals who are experiencing homelessness from continuing to cycle through the criminal justice system, while supporting them on their path to housing. 🤝  Watch the full film:  
Just one stipulation on sale: I own Gene Wilder’s old house. It cannot be torn down or lose any its soul.
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle. 
🔭 
More fun games coming soon to ur Tesla 
Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!
No 
No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
getting the zone auto zone
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of 9m dome rotation &amp; Starship airframe behind windbreak. 
Bill gates has so many followers that if he accidentally posts a picture of his spread ass hole its not even worth his time to delete it.
We cannot change the past, but we can reshape the future. Young people have the opportunity to create a happier, better future
Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!).
If you have mild #flu symptoms, see your primary provider within 48hrs to get antiviral medicine.  Symptoms can include: 😷 Cough 🤒 Fever 👃 Runny nose 😫 Fatigue 🥶 Chills #FightFlu  More info:  
Paving the way: #ATXCouncil approves contracts to reduce trip hazards on sidewalks by either saw-cutting, grinding, or lifting and raising existing sidewalks. Streets will be chosen based on community input. 
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
¡Campaña de donación HOY, 11am-5pm! @AusPublicHealth, @DellMedSchool &amp; @UTHealthAustin abrirá una recolección de donaciones comunitarias de equipo de protección personal para apoyar a los proveedores clínicos de nuestra comunidad. Más información: 512-686-1118.  #COVID19  (1/2)
whats more racist?  saying "I am a black men's penis" in 2006, or having my presidential run kneecapped, for doing that
Fear that makes us run from a mad dog is useful and necessary, whereas fear rooted in mistrust is unhelpful and needs to be overcome.
New Model S has 370 mile / 595 km range 
1 Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earth’s surface
My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State &amp; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves
🏨If you are staying at a hotel or shelter, info about your length of stay will be provided later today.  🚗If you are seeking shelter from #HurricaneLaura, the reception center at @COTA (9201 Circuit of the Americas Blvd) is still operational with limited space available. (2/2)
Be … cause … it’s … you
#ATXCouncil agenda items #33 &amp; 58 have been withdrawn. #31 &amp; 64 are postponed. Items 6, 24, 25, 29 and 59 have been pulled. Follow live on  and get more info at 
opening my samsung Direct app to get samsung directuly to me
sending the obese isis guy pics to girls &amp; saying "Me", printing out the kissy face emojis they send back and hanginh them up in my cubicle.
We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
#ATXCouncil has adopted a fiscal year 2019-2020 Budget.  "It will help us advance on the critical issues that will determine our future," said Austin City Manager Spencer Cronk.  Learn about the new tax and spending plans:  
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above 
If you treat people as brothers or sisters, they respond accordingly.
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Thursday 02/13. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWeather 
This week's CityView at Home episode highlights @AusPublicHealth call center nurses who answer 100s of calls, 7 days a week from our community about #COVID19. The info they provide ensures we all receive the care we need. 🙌   ➡️ Watch more:   #ATXforATX 
Good progress, but 18 years to launch our first humans is a long time. Technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime.  
Today ,  I am every Husband
👉 Reminder: No-wake zones have been created for certain areas of Lake Austin. Boats must operate at lowest possible speed in areas marked by buoys + signage posted at boat ramps.   More info:  (4/4)
....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!
Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel 
On the transporter 
#PublicServiceRecognitionWeek continues! Today we thank our many City employees serving Austin’s health and the environment. 👩‍⚕️🍃 Here are just a few highlights…
Questions about the Creative Space Assistance Program grant application process? Attend the  information meeting at City Hall tomorrow (3/25)  from 2:00 – 3:30pm. Register:  
Additional testing has found more harmful algae at Auditorium Shores, Red Bud Isle &amp; Barton Creek near Lady Bird Lake. Keep pets out of water. Minimize human contact. More info:  
It’s super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage 
Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
To utilize our intelligence correctly a calm mind is very important.
Hey kids! Hop on over to the library today &amp; tomorrow to stock up on books for the weekend! All locations of the @AustinPublicLib including @RecycledReadsTX &amp; the Austin History Center will be closed on Sunday, 4/21. 
Live Webcasts: HHDL introductory teachings on Buddhism for young Tibetans from TCV in Dharamsala, India, June 1-3. 
The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 
Hey #ATX, TODAY is the last day to register to #vote in the Texas 2020 primaries on March 3! 🗳️  Not sure if you’re registered to vote yet? ✅ Visit  to look up your registration status or register.  And if you can, try to #VoteEarly: Feb. 18 - 28 
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends
theoretically , tips could be done away with entirely if i were allowed to enter the kitchen and personally retrieve my entrees ChefToTable
in the yard, lying , on my back gripping my ankles wih my Rear end in the air yelling hurry!! Hurry! Spray the hose at my ass hole
Our first virtual Fix-It Clinic is TODAY from 11am-2pm! 👇 
Happy trails! #ATXCouncil approves purchase of land by East Stassney Lane in southeast Austin. The area provides the opportunity to create a pocket park, improve trail connections, walkability &amp; park access from the neighborhood to East Stassney Lane + McKinney Falls State Park. 
The late &amp; legendary Austin psychedelic rock musician Roky Erickson would have been 72 today. Roky was an inspiration to many &amp; his band, 13th Floor Elevators, revolutionized modern rock’n’roll. Here’s @DJMel celebrating his music at a recent #ATXCouncil meeting 🎵 
Stay informed. Sign up today to receive free local emergency alerts by phone, text or email at  #atxwx
On this International Day of Peace, we must remember that peace cannot come from prayer alone. It requires action. #PeaceDayChallenge
When we can recognize and forgive ignorant actions of the past, we gain the strength to constructively solve the problems of the present.
Reviewing your application for my exclusive group dm with girls in it... Hmm whats this? In 2016 you said my posts are "Family guy" ? Denied
Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
Wherever I go I talk to people about the need to be aware of the oneness of humanity.
Falcon has landed 
Who likes short shorts? 
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving! 
Protect + House💜 #ATXCouncil authorized the addition of 6 federally-funded Downtown Austin Community Court clinical case managers. They will help those experiencing homelessness sheltered at City-operated protective lodges during #COVID19 to secure permanent housing + stability. 
We need patience to protect our peace of mind, our compassionate mind. Patience is part of our defense, as is forgiveness. Enemies and troublemakers are helpful in that they give us the opportunity to exercise patience and forgiveness.
2017: writing shitty articles called like "Disruption: The Praxis of Chaos" 2018: saying astronauts put tubes up their ass to suck the turds out
The practice of compassion is the most effective way to pursue the best interests of others as well as our own
سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید
If we remember the oneness of humanity and think of each other as brothers and sisters we can overcome that potential for violence.
if it werent for the invention of the electric chair iw ould do so much crime. id be smashing vases and shit right now
Just got chemical castrated in exchangge for a free oil change at pep boys #Dealmaker #Boss
Hear, hear! Happy cycling, #ATX. Don't forget to pack that water as the temperature rises 🚲🥵#ByeByeBikeMonth #BikeATX 
Bricks will be free if used for affordable housing projects
Respawn++ 
💬 Have you heard the news?! The Austin Creative Worker Relief Grant is accepting applications for a $2K grant to help #AustinCreatives affected by #COVID19. Deadline to apply: August 28  Application  + Eligibility + FAQs️:  
Pathetic! 
 
the boys on shark tank just loving my propeller beanie that sprays piss everywhere while it spins
pissed off by the idea of my ass becoming grass
the jury is still out on whether building giant statues of my head pleases god, or pisses Him off
You can't buy inner peace or wisdom with money. You have to create them within yourself.
Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui’s contribution to Taiwan's democratic development was an exceptional achievement. The best tribute we can pay him is to remember his courage and determination and emulate his dedication to democracy. 
Did you know @AustinEnergy is (nearly) 125 years old? We’re building up to next year’s big b'day 🎂 with a new timeline installation on the 4th floor of Austin Central Library. Launching 1-2pm 6/27 with a kids’ storytime 📖 and bicycle-powered lightbulb! 🚲💡 #AustinEnergy125 
watching another childrens tv show where they accidentally made the school bully the best character by far
if the sting ray that killed steve irwin tried to kill me i would bust its ass and crumple it up like a newspaper
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
La Orden de Salud Pública solicita que los residentes de Austin/Condado Travis eviten las salidas no esenciales de su hogar y que se resguarden en casa tanto como sea posible con el fin de contener la propagación del COVID-19.
a respectful nod to all my friends whohave been removed from group chats after having some sort of melt down.  "The Fallen Angels"
How Model 3 performs on a long road trip  
I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!
I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our....
We need to strike a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved on the basis of love and compassion.
The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
the new NIssan Altima branded bean bag chair is a SLAP IN THE FACE!! to all lnissan Altima loyalists and people who enjoy car commercials
Small, caring actions are happening every day in our Austin community, even while distancing 6 feet apart. That’s #ATXforATX! ❤️  Shoutout to the @CTXFoodBank for HOPE, which provides a 30-lb box of food for lower-income older adults.  Read Lola's story:  
When I heard scientists say they had evidence that basic human nature is compassionate, I thought, 'There’s real hope.'
they are trying to make the 2020s the decade of Nude
.@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
#ATXCouncil item 186 was approved.  It directs the City Manager to initiate a shared streets pilot on Rainey Street.
If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us.
Watch HHDL's talk "Secular Ethics, Human Values and Society" given at USC in Los Angeles on May 3, 2011. 
Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
If you have a Tesla built in past 2 years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars &amp; takes highway interchanges &amp; off-ramps.
📞 @ATX_311 continues to provide uncomplicated access to City services and information 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year – even during a pandemic. #PSRW 
Change in the world comes from individuals, from the inner peace in individual hearts. Just as ripples spread out when a single pebble is dropped into water, the actions of individuals can have far-reaching effects.
We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!
Staying home and starting those home projects? 🌻 Be sure to call before you dig. ⛏️Call 811 to locate underground utility lines to avoid unintentionally hitting them. #BeADigHero #SafeDiggingMonth 
It is vital that when we educate our children’s brains we do not neglect to educate their hearts by nurturing their compassionate nature.
Watch HHDL's press meeting at Zenkoji Temple on June 19th (English with Japanese translation). 
Late night tweets … sigh
im thinking my posts arent on The NY Times Best Seller list because they have been very difficult to access lately due to Inclement weather
shut the fuck yp 
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you can’t stamp ultra-hard 30X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Applies worldwide
Dam now rly want choc chip muffin
So true! 
A healthier + supported community contributes to a strong economy. An accurate Census count means our community - including businesses hit hard by COVID-19 - can get the funding deserved. #GetCounted TODAY!  👉  
The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!
You need self-confidence and determination: feeling depressed and losing hope will never really help to correct any situation.
We need awareness of the ways we are connected with others, reflecting on the characteristics we share with others.
buying an assortment of soaps and ointments to make my ass hole less stupid
HHDL thanks everyone who sent kind greetings and joined in celebrations on the occasion of his 82nd birthday. 
The best tribute to honor and remember Václav Havel is to work as best we can towards building a more peaceful, open and just world.
Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
its shit head o' clock and everyones grabbing at my Nuts
New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA
world record 100 diaper combo run over by jeep
View the Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺 Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf &amp; Gadget. So much has happened since then … 
Juneteenth: #ATXCouncil establishes June 19 as an annual City holiday to memorialize the end of slavery in the U.S. and to celebrate the Africans and African descendants who survived an inhumane economic system and thrived as American citizens. 
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
LAW &amp; ORDER!
Live: HHDL in dialogue with Delhi University students August 9-10 (9:30am & 1:30pm IndianStandardTime - GMT+5.30). 
...ruling &amp; request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov
Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
Great! 
#ATXCouncil has started discussions and possible action on an ordinance related to City Code Sections 9-4-11 (Camping in Public Area Prohibited) and 9-4-14 (Obstruction in the Downtown Austin Community Court Area Prohibited).
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res) 
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear realization or recognition of our shared human status.
#ATXCouncil today authorized a number of actions to help Austinites hit by the #COVID19 crisis. Support is aimed at renters, workers, utility customers and businesses, as the health authority + community continue to fight the spread of this disease.  1/5 
That’s a direct quote from Warren Buffett
Our Stay Home–Work Safe Order has been modified + extended to June 15 to align w/ State + county guidance. When in public: 🏠Practice physical distancing 😷Wear fabric face coverings 🙅Not gather w/ non-household members Read more:   #SlowTheSpread #COVID19 
Nosecone &amp; front flaps next week. SN9 next month.
We seek happiness in external things without realizing that they don’t help when we have problems within. We need to focus instead on the joy that comes with peace of mind that allows us to remain happy whatever happens.
you think im wasting my time putzing around in the drafts folder?  bull shit. 100% off the cuff 
From the first day of our life until our last breath, the very foundation of our existence is affection and human warmth.
The Falcons have landed 
putting my fist through the wall and yanking out a chunk of insulation and making a "what the fuck is thiis" gesture before throwing it
You still have today + Thursday + Friday to #VoteEarly  and add to this number!   👉 Keep it up #ATX and make your plan at  
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
when you post a picture of your hamburger in the group chat, your friends are likely taking that lunch data and selling it to Villains
Fire and Ice 
Their minds are gone!!! 
have every thing 
Thinking About Saying The Rent Is Too Damn Hi
just heard it on the news that theyre gonna start using Crisper to breed dogs that look 100% like beautiful human women
We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!
‼️ Calling students, teachers, &amp; parents! Have an idea that’d make your school a little bit greener? Now’s your chance! Green Future Grants is a competitive program that provides funding for school-based sustainability projects up to $3k. Apply by 10/1:  
I don’t like formality. There’s no formality when we’re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.
Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But still we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time.
Today (9/30/20) is an Ozone Action Day! This means that ozone levels in the Austin area are forecast to be unhealthy for sensitive groups. #BeAirAware  👉 See tips to protect yourself and the air at  
...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...
If we seek happiness for ourselves, we should practice compassion: and if we seek happiness for others, we should also practice compassion.
Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
generating millions of 3d womens pussys for the #VaginasProject . my GFX card spewing steam like a damn tea pot
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, we’re going in!
getting a 4k monitor so i can make posts
🦄💨✌️ 
Excellent review by Marques! 
Sheltering Families: #ATXCouncil has directed the City Manager to identify funding options for the @SalvationArmyUS’s Rathgeber Center in East Austin. The shelter would provide up to 206 families with emergency shelter, employment services, therapy, childcare, and clothing. 
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion should increase in us, we need to make a sustained effort to cultivate them.
been thinking about it a lot, and i do not believe that anyone will ever come up with a brand name better than "Taster's Choice"
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!
A flash flood warning is in place for the Austin area until 7:30 p.m. tonight. ⚠️ Avoid flooded roadways and remember #TurnAroundDontDrown.  #StayAtHomeATX 
🌱Are you interested in climate change issues and/or do you represent an org./group providing services to historically underrepresented groups in #ATX?🙋  Then we want YOU to be a Community Climate Ambassador! 👏 Apply by Nov. 27.  More info + to apply:  
Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
As a registered voter you have the RIGHT to:  💙Cast your vote in secret + free from intimidation 🗳Cast a provisional ballot if your name is not on the voter list 🔎Report a voting rights abuse to election officials  👉Know Your Rights:   #Election2020 
Our intelligence helps us regulate our emotions. Fear, for example, is based on mistrust and a lack of self-confidence. If, on the other hand, we remain honest and truthful, open and tolerant, we will have greater self-confidence and overcome fear.
 Over the next 12 months we'll be working to raise awareness about the importance of the #2020Census, to get as many people as possible to participate between March and July next year. More info on why the Census matters to Austin: 
New S &amp; X are much improved. Worth trying out. You’re on version 2, current S/X is version 4. 
...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
Now more than ever, our neighbors experiencing homelessness need our care and support. Today's Week of Action task is to create something meaningful that makes a difference in our community. Need an idea?🎒Pack a bag w/ water, shelf-stable food, and hygiene products. #HelpNotHide 
Saving Austin Businesses 🎸: #ATXCouncil moves forward with the SAVEs plan to bring relief to childcare providers, restaurants and music venues struggling due to #COVID19. Today’s decision will provide guidelines for the distribution of $15M in relief. 
Algae samples taken from Lady Bird Lake are collected + tested biweekly. Results still show low levels of toxins. We need consistently cool temperatures + an increase in water flow before we see any changes. Continue to keep pets away from the water. More: 
people who use "APPS" think they are such pimps ... but theyer nothing but hoochie mammas
Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!
Thank you @ITSTIME for rewarding the Austin community for its winning 32,000 minutes of healthy activity over an 8-week period. Commiserations to runners-up @COSAGOV and @HoustonTX. Maybe next year, huh? 😉 #ATXCouncil 
The Order also recommends critical infrastructure to work to protect the integrity of our community’s public health + safety by... 🌡️ Taking daily non-invasive temperature checks for staff  🏡 Sending home employees w/a temp above 99.6° F (2/2)
Lovely story 
🐻 in 🧠
Join the @AustinAuditor tomorrow for a 15-min. virtual Q&amp;A on serving as a student on the #RedistrictATX Independent Citizens Redistricting Commission!  📅 Friday, July 31 ⏰ 4 p.m. 👉 Watch + participate via FB Live:   📌 More info:  
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Tues 12/17. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need should report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWeather 
We all like to be around kind people; their peaceful, relaxed nature puts us at ease.
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99. 👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. ☝️Follow Council actions live at:  🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil 
Sheltering the homeless: #ATXCouncil authorizes the purchase of an 87-room motel in South Austin to provide shelter + support services to those experiencing homelessness. The location was chosen for its proximity to public transportation and health care facilities. 
Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Madison, Wisconsin, USA from May 15th-17th. 
Parents + students ‼️ All @AustinISD after-school activities are canceled today due to expected storms👇 
Since climate change and the global economy now affect us all, we have to develop a sense of the oneness of humanity.
many've sought the ultimate Combo and have asked me what the ultimate combo is. i am too amused simply by their ignorance to even answer .
Generosity is the most natural outward expression of an inner attitude of compassion and loving-kindness.
Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion.
More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon 9 second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
#ATXCouncil approves the continuation of a “local state of disaster” originally declared Mar. 6 to more proactively increase preventative measures in response to concerns related to #COVID19.   For more information + resources, visit:  
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that.
Democrats want to Defund &amp; Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
🔥🔥🔥
Starhopper flight currently tracking to 5pm Texas time for 150m / ~500ft hover test
Ahoy thar, matey! Wha''s a pirate's fav'rit City o' Austin Department?  . . . ARRrrrrrr!  (That’s ARR: Austin Resource Recovery. Get it?!)  #TalkLikeAPirateDay #DadJokes 😎  📷: Cap’n Kane of Household Hazardous Waste   (@AustinCityParks would have been acceptable, too). 
ET phone home. No answer 😢
hard at work in the Study, pen in hand, orchestrating my next public melt down
I have found that the greatest degree of inner peace comes from cultivating love and compassion.
Also, u can order online at  in 2 mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep &amp; return for full refund 
i am the "Walter Cronkite" of game stop. yes i absolutely said it, and no im not deleting it this time.
We are all part of the human community.
Awareness of impermanence and appreciation of our human potential will give us a sense of urgency that we must use every precious moment.
THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA  
In observance of Presidents Day, City offices will be closed on Monday, Feb. 17. Normal business hours will resume Tuesday, Feb 18. More info:  
You can follow the #ATXCouncil meeting live by tuning into   Today's agenda can be found at 
.@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
Dogecoin rulz 
....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
When we act under the influence of negative thoughts and emotions, we become oblivious to the impact our actions have on others.
Today's high is forecasted to be 100⁰F with a heat index (what it feels like with humidity) of 104⁰F between noon-7pm. 🥵  #ATXHeat safety tips from @AustinHSEM 👇 
Coming up shortly!  Watch live here  
Seeing how negative emotions lead to negative consequences can help us overcome them. Just as we can learn how helpful love and compassion can be, we can come to understand that anger, pride, jealousy and arrogance can be detrimental. We need to use reason and human intelligence.
It is clear that feelings of love, affection, closeness and compassion bring happiness.
“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!
Unbiased love is undoubtedly difficult to generate, but if you practice with determination, day by day your attitude will be transformed.
We should not only cease our negative activities, but also the motivation that gives rise to them.
#ATXCouncil approves item 54. Council will now take up citizens communication followed by executive session. Returning at 2pm.  To keep up with actions taken by the council for today's meeting go to 
Proposed Budget Resources: • FY 2020-21 Snapshot  • Re-imagining Public Safety  • Taxpayer Impact Assessment  • Full Document  • City Manager's Message  (3/3)
“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
if you try to say something fucked up to me i will break your arms and  call the cops on you
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
Abortion is Healthcare: #ATXCouncil authorized a one-year contract to provide transportation, childcare and other logistical support for Austin residents choosing to access safe, legal abortion.
...I’m playing for your guns, and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon! 
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401k’s way up!!!!
"i will never respond to a dm unless its a girl sending it. i will keep my feed tidy. i will betray anyone my followers want me to betray"
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S &amp; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov 1. Order now to be sure of the one you want.
.@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!
Housing Goals #2: #ATXCouncil sets targets for the provision of new affordable housing in each Council district by 2027. Find out where the 60,000 new income restricted units could go:  
Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law &amp; Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
slapping all my repliers across the face in one swoop like moe howard. all of them dropping dead instantly
The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it.
i can promise only this; i will lick the boots of my enemies until they beg for mercy , crying
pleased to report that an angel has lifted the curse against me after doing my "Good Deed" of the year, by tipping a waiter 15%
📣为了遏制＃COVID19的传播，市政府官员宣布了一项“待在家里/安全工作”公共卫生命令，但必要的活动和工作除外。它于24日晚上十一点五十九分生效。 📌信息+资源：
在紧急状态救济（RISE）2.0的申请方面有问题吗？🏘️ 9月8日至11日的上午7点到晚上7点，我们将开通热线电话，随时为您提供帮助！  ☎️  拨打(512) 714-6950 
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! 
I spoke with Korolev’s family today. He was one of the very best. Корольов / Королёв.
Florida looking good!
Model 3 arriving in UK 
friendly reminder to all of my followers not to commit any Crimes in 2018. crimes are 2017 shit "Miss Me With That"
T-shirt soon
Riding in the Cybertruck 
64 satellites 🛰 on this flight! 
james bonds jet black diapers that cost $200 each. suit jacket that has Jame bonds signature drawn on the pocket. james bond engagement ring
Consent agenda is 1-44; 83 &amp; 84. #ATXCouncil items 14, 23, 30, &amp; 37 have been pulled for discussion. 11 &amp; 81 are postponed until 4/25. 6 is postponed until 5/9 &amp; 32 postponed until May 23. #29 has been withdrawn. Follow along on  and 
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
It would be so nice to have followers who dont fucking hate my ass .  Guess ill go choke on dirt!!!  Fuck me!!
sending people who tell me not to eat romaine lettuce a link to the wikipedia article for The Streisand Effect
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!
meter reader in my basement: nice controllers man.. You game on those bad boys? me (Blushing): i am-- yes, I do consider my self a gamer.
falling down a stair case completely unscathed after executing a perfect series of Block techniques
“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 
A sense of concern for others' well-being brings inner strength and self confidence.
Turns out that gun is for the toilet paper 
Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates 
just hating my lead coated dx racer knock off gamer cushion from bangladesh. absorbing &amp; releasing countless toxins via my Ass. 16 hrs a day
 at 5M views after 36 hours. Congrats to Chris Paine &amp; co!
when one of the boys tells me he has to use the bathroom i inevitably respond with some stupid shit like "Alright, Sounds Good"
.....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote &amp; the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives....
no-reply@youtube .com: We've changed our terms of service, me: my terms of service is simply this"Shut the Fuck up"
abusing my vile neighbors by putting leaflets around which state that i am now to be referred to as "Daddy's Golden Goose"
All items below will go to all Model 3s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say “bug report” followed by issue description. 
I am going to try to have diarrhea today. Because I am not "DEFINED" by my ass
HHDL arrived in Japan today. Some photos of his arrival at 
Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA
Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
New Tesla feature coming that enables your car to play snake jazz or Polynesian elevator music through its outside speakers wherever you go
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives … 
Max thrust of 2550 tons will be almost 10% higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State &amp; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
Nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
thinking back to 9/11.. i wish i had flipped out more.  Wondering how different things wou;d be if i had gone more ape shit
And we are even worse than that in California 
You must not consider tolerance and patience to be signs of weakness. I consider them signs of strength.
Watch Live: HHDL's two day teaching on Nagarjuna's "Precious Garland" from his residence in Dharamsala, India 8:00-9:30am Indian Standard Time on May 16-17, 2020. 
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings and talk from Milan, Italy, on June 27-28. English, Italian &amp; Russian languages. 
The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing.  
❗️Lady Bird Lake is at an increased risk for harmful algae this time of year.  If you let your dog in the water, rinse them afterward + avoid clumps of algae. If your dog becomes sick, see a vet immediately + call 3-1-1 to report the illness.  👉More info:  
 
Human happiness and satisfaction come from within oneself; it is wrong to expect some final satisfaction from money or a computer.
The @Space_Station is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound &amp; orbits the Earth every 90 minutes 
للحفاظ على سلامة أوستن، يتطلب الأمر من ساكني أوستن البقاء في المنزل، باستثناء النزول للعمل والأنشطة الأساسية. الخروج فقط عند الضرورة. عند إجراء نشاط مسموح به، يجب أن يستمر الأشخاص في الحفاظ على مسافة 6 أقدام على الأقل من المباعدة الاجتماعية. (2/5)
Money Matters: #ATXCouncil is holding a public hearing for comment on the proposed #ATXBudget2020. Watch live at  and check out where the revenue for the budget is coming from ⬇️. 
A weird flag for a weird town. Austin's City flag was the winning entry in a 1915 design competition and is now permanently displayed alongside the Stars &amp; Stripes at City Hall. Ever wondered why it features a genie lamp?! Find out at:  #AustinHistoryCenter 
So true! 
Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!
Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward...
But people don’t want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!! 
`` i will show you the Ass of God ``
Many of the problems we face today are our own creation. Creating a more peaceful world requires a peaceful mind and a peaceful heart. As human brothers and sisters we must live together in tolerance and affection.
Compassion is something really worthwhile. It is not just a religious or spiritual subject, not a matter of ideology. It is not a luxury, it is a necessity.
Technically, alcohol is a solution
to clarify, i still think that "Porky Pig" should get the electric chair, but not enough to kill him, just enough to Scare him a little bit
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
"oh youre sad because a judge died? thats so adorable" i say as i effortlessly list off 100 dead judges from simply my memory
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
told the mail man that if he doesnt keep the deals / coupons coming at a reasonable pace some one might be suffering from some injuries soon
On a simple level we find that if we have a compassionate heart we naturally have more friends.
Hehehe 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 51st Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day 
sending slowmo footage of my balls undearneath the bathtub faucet being pulverized by the water pressure to ameicas funniest home videos
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
Massive thanks to Tesla owners &amp; supporters. We wouldn’t be here without you.
Nine years later 
Showing respect for others’ rights and views is not only the source of reconciliation it’s also an aspect of compassion.
if we try to secure the well-being of others, we will, at the same time, create the conditions for our own.
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials 
#ATXCouncil has gone into Executive Session.
Look at the world today—violence is rife, weapons proliferate and countries eagerly pursue arms sales. This is a wrong approach. There are other ways to make money. The world needs non-violence and compassion, not in terms of prayers, but as spurs to a different course of action.
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
DOJ? 
Compassion enhances our self-confidence because a calm mind allows our marvellous human intelligence to bloom. When we’re angry, our thinking is distorted and we don’t see the different aspects of reality. A calm mind enables us to take a broader, more realistic view.
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
Be … cause … it’s … true
its time to destigmatize the Balls... and restigmatize the Ass
“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead
Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?
A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
Come and have your say on our Proposed FY 2019-20 Budget today. Public hearing starts 6 PM, Austin City Hall. Or watch live on  View a snapshot summary of the Proposed Budget at  #ATXCouncil 
ever since i ve been told to put a shirt on in all my live insect unboxing vids my metrics have taken a piping hot Shit
Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared, be careful, and be safe! 
I remember when I was a sponge. Simpler times they were.
Paws what you’re doing – it’s #NationalCatDay! Celebrate by finding the purrfect furever friend at @austinanimals. All adoption fees are waived through Nov. 3. 
☎️ Gọi số (512) 714-6950   👉 Để biết thêm thông tin: 
money is such a corrupt bastards tool that all i can do about thinking about it is to simply laugh about it...
HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
Video of HHDL in conversation with Dave Matthews and Ann Curry in 2008 at the Seeds of Compassion event in Seattle 
👏👏👏 #HealthcareHeroes  👏#ATXforATX 👏#ClapBecauseWeCare 
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
It’s #CensusDay! 9 Questions in 9 Minutes. Be counted now! Your home can fill out the 2020 Census in three ways:  💻 Online -  📞 By Phone – 2-1-1 📨 By Mail #ATXCensus2020 
Im thinking 2k20 is the year of "Shut the fuck up" .  All repliers blocked.  Absolute God mode
just for fun: if you search camp town races you get a video of like 40 guys in black face with youtube comments like "Love the energy! Wow"
And I am being told now, that because Incest is now Official White House policy, that this post could be construed as a "Politics tweet"
100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!
Whatever you do, take a realistic view and think of the long term interests of humanity.
Even as our world continues to develop materially, there is increasing need for similar progress in our sense of inner values.
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN
In order to lead a meaningful life, you need to cherish others, pay attention to human values and try to cultivate inner peace.
Bringing home relief🏠: #ATXCouncil approve a one year deal with @TenantsCouncil to counsel and provide emergency mediation services for households struggling due to #COVID19. 
venus sucks shit. if they find life there it's going to be a very small man curled into the fetal position yelling "FUCK THIS"
Within all beings there is a seed of perfection; but compassion is required to activate that seed inherent in our hearts and minds.
Tesla Impact Report (repost). We do everything humanly possible to source materials &amp; produce sustainable energy cars, batteries &amp; solar ethically. Suggestions for improvement are always appreciated.  
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
🇺🇸🇺🇸 Happy 4th of July!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Congratulations @SpaceX team! Thanks @NASA, much appreciated. 
...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots.
GOD: Im getting quite aged in my late years; and I need someone else to be president of heaven Donald R. Trump: My lord... RBG: (Applauding)
And then land on a bouncy house
THE BOYS: Come! Come quickly! Theres a Seal balancing a ball on its nose, at the Gazebo ME: Cant. Wife is making me buy 36 Forever Stamps
You may control people physically by force, but you won’t change their hearts and minds—that requires trust and friendship.
In order to use human intelligence properly our mind should be calm.
Every day, when you get up, you can develop a sincere positive motivation: I will utilize this day in a more positive way.
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
gathering data of Nude Locals
Joe Mode is the best mode 
Universal concern is essential in solving global problems.
if you dont down load the latest versions of all your programs youre fucking stupid
Watch HHDL as guest editor of the Sunday edition of the Toronto Star newspaper published October 24th, 2010. 
In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.
Where are the memes? Send in … the memes …
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
blocking me is an expression of Love. the line between "Follower" and "Guy who has me blocked" blurs more with each death threat i receive
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination &amp; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
thinking about shit that i Recognize and smiling
If you use violence, you may get some temporary satisfaction. But the nature of violence is unpredictable - unexpected results often happen.
Meme of recursive irony 
full time Cash Back award activator
Looking for a scream of a good time Saturday? @Austin_Code's Spooktacular Bash has frightening free fun for the whole family! 🎃🕷️👻 #HappyHalloween 
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
CleanTechnica summarizes new @BBC_TopGear print cover story  
Our 3-1-1 app helps residents swiftly connect with City resources. 🙌 Users can select from a list of service requests, take a photo, add a location, + submit reports from their phones. 📱  This #NationalAppDay (yes, really) download our @ATX_311 app here  
A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry
HHDL with Mumbai University students and staff after his talk "Ancient Wisdom, Modern Thought" on February 18th.   
We all have troublesome emotions as well as the positive ones that bring us inner strength and tranquillity. It’s important for us to be aware of our potential and let this inspire our self-confidence. To look only at the negative side and feel hopeless, is, I think, a wrong view
I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
Mr Truth Through Pain
lunch paraphernalia spilling out of the footwell of my car as i pull up to my old high school to steal footballs
People often think they’re breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O &amp; a dash of neon &amp; krypton (etc.)
2/2 Join Austin Resource Recovery tonight for a FREE Backyard Composting Class: 6-7PM @ Little Walnut Creek Library  #LearnAboutCompostingDay #composting #ATX
Donar equipo de protección en 4 lugares de depósito desde ahora hasta el sábado, 3/28! @ADRNTX y @austintexasgov trabajan juntos para recaudar materiales y asegurar que sean entregados a las fuentes apropiadas.  👉Info:  📞(512) 825-8211  #COVID19 (1/2)
dogs used to say "Arf" and "Bow-Wow" .  Now they say shit like "Wouwouwouwou"
ill show you real truth. ill show you what happens when you crap on a real son of a bitch
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!
I meant lämpe. Where’s the edit function when you really need it!?
Young children are naturally honest, open and appreciate affection. Some scientists say that human beings are social animals with a natural concern for their own community. We see this among children. When they are young, they are naturally kind.
Time is always moving on; nothing can stop it. We can't change the past, but we can learn from it to shape the future. Stress on ‘us’ and ‘them’ is a source of conflict. We neglect basic human qualities of kindness and compassion. Let’s work together to create a happier future.
Stockholm: it’s not just a syndrome
There should be a balance between material and spiritual progress, a balance achieved through the principles based on love and compassion.
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
-tweeting about stuff thats off-topic is "Random". never do this. -tweeting about current event stuff is "Topical". and this is also a crime
The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths (mortality rate), goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!
Starship SN8 with rear body flaps 
We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black &amp; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
Great! 
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! —— Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you… 
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
What can’t we predict?
Join @AustinEconDev + @AusPublicHealth to learn how your business can benefit the community by becoming a healthy corner store! 
for every inch my penis shrinks due to anxiety, the trolls owe me $100,000 , i am saying it now.
I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down! 
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
A truly useful exaflop at de facto FP32
No one suspected his disguise 
HHDL speaks about the oneness of humanity in this clip from his talk in Inverness, Scotland, given on June 23, 2012. 
#Austin is responding to a confirmed #measles case in Travis County. Please review potential exposure sites + call your doctor if you were at the locations on the respective dates &amp; develop a fever before Jan. 1.  More:  + @AusPublicHealth 
fully embracing the power of Social Media at the age of 56 and changing my name to Kim Jong Lexus
Spook-tacular 👻: #ATXCouncil approves funding to complete the Del Valle/Moore’s Crossing Fire/EMS Station currently under construction + funding for a new Travis Country Fire/EMS Station. Council plans to build an additional 3 new fire stations in the future.🚒 
Great new book out today, “Speaking for Myself: Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
#ATXCouncil has adjourned. A video of today’s meeting will be added to the  archive at  
If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer
My twitter feed rn 
A total of $6 million has been dedicated to COVID-19 relief funding opportunities for the creative sector, including the Austin Music Disaster Relief Fund.  👉 Learn more:  (5/5) 
captured by a medieval castle town in the year 1598, hung up on the cross and having long florescent light bulbs broken against my dick
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Buckle Up: #ATXCouncil approves a contract to provide child passenger safety car seats to families in need as part of Austin-Travis County Emergency Medical Services’ Child Passenger Safety program. More info:  
.@AustinCityParks has been hard at work posting tons of at-home activities + virtual tours to YouTube!  👉Subscribe for 🎨studio tours (and more!) like this one:   Share your creations using #ATXforATX–we can’t wait to see what you + PARD create together!🎉 
Ready to use your voice to make #ATX a community where everyone has a path to the safety + security of a home?🏘  During this Week of Action, call on your representatives, leaders, your friends + families to join us as we create a community without homelessness. #HelpNotHide 
And I am forever grateful 
The Machine Stops 
Live webcasts of HHDL's public talks and panel discussions from Hawaii and San Diego, USA, from April 14-19. 
Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon! #MAGA 
 
getting my ass run over after trying to hijack a guy's riding mower and failing
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut 
thinking about getting the dow jones back on track, simply by making a few phonecalls. but certain people have been a bitch to me, so i wont
Mental Health First Responders 📲 As authorized by #ATXCouncil, @IntegralCareATX will expand its team at Austin’s 911 Communications Center to help @Austin_Police with 911 mental health calls, offering the community direct mental health support for mental health emergencies. 
....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!
A source of trouble is our unruly minds. We can counter that by developing a warm heart. We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy.
I am not a baby . I am a Human
i see that digimon otis has become emboldened enough to begin posting again., likely due to the normalization of that sort of thing,
someone out there is making $1000 every time a person clicks on this 
The @AFThunderbirds #ATX flyover has been rescheduled for Wed. May 13 due to forecasted inclement weather.   👀 Watch from the safety of home as the #Thunderbirds pay tribute to our essential workers + stand in solidarity with our community. 
🖤🖤🖤🖤  🚘🚘🚘🚘  🖤🖤🖤🖤 
(contorting entire face into an abominable purple frown) cobb salad?? that sounds fuckin STUPID
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself – if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
This week’s CityView At Home highlights the Joint Information System—a team of hard-working public employees who strategize ways to keep our community informed during #COVID19 and provide innovative solutions to benefit us all. 👏  ➡️ Full episode at:  
Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life.
We know we’ll run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel &amp; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now &amp; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong &amp; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far … 
What happens to existing single-family homes in a new transition area? With a major initiative like the rewrite of the City’s Land Development Code, it is important to answer this community concern. Read our latest blog post for clarification:  
Thank you Jupiter, Florida! 
#DYK 家中若有儿童有资格在2019-2020学年领取免费或低价学校餐食，则该家庭可享受  疫情电子福利转账（P-EBT）计划。🍎 P-EBT将为家庭发放一次性现金补贴，每个儿童可获得285美元。  6月1日起开放申请： 
One way or another, excitement guaranteed! Support of greater Boca, Padre, Brownsville community is very much appreciated.
It’s more important than ever to know what our City should prioritize in the next FY budget. Visit  to share with us what priorities are most important to you and your family. 
COWORKER: I Just took out a little baggie of DouDou, to eat at work, and Im getting a raise, for being handsome ME: I Admire your Opinions .
But Taycan does seem like a good car. Nürburgring track time is great.
Some essential activities include: 🏥 Getting healthcare + medication 🛒Getting necessary supplies for staying at home 🚶‍♂️ Outdoor activity + exercise 🏢 Work at an essential business 🧓 Caring for others in another household See more:  #StayAtHomeATX (3/5) 
Shoulda seen it coming …
Relief + Assistance: #ATXCouncil adopted a spending framework to effectively and responsibly direct the allocation of millions of dollars of federal and local #COVID19 relief funding, to support Austin residents and the economy, while maintaining the City’s reserves.
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
kicking the shit out of a tree with a sledge hammer, to increase my Stamina
Warm-heartedness is the key factor that allows me to smile and be happy, even in the company of strangers.
HHDL is greeted in traditional manner at the Maharaja Sansar Chand Museum inauguration in Kangra, India on April 6 
sorrry i wasnt listening i was busy predicting your laughable response to my post perfectly
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
im not wishning you freaks a happy new year. you will all fuck up my 2019, like you have with all the other years. youre dopes
you may now buy the pdf Version of the book for $8   i will shut the fuck up now. thank you 
i miss 100% of the shots i dont take mother fucker
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
Starship halves being joined 
To bring about a better world, let us all strive together with vision, with courage, and with optimism.
Falcon 9 on launch pad with Crew Dragon &amp; new astronaut walkway 
seeing more and more people post anti-lunch sentiments despite the fact that, well, they gotta eat .
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
feel as though the POST-COVID economy will mostly benefit me, the guy who makes tiny custom diapers for peoples beanie babies and funko pops
linking my Folders to other Folders or whatever the fuck it is people do on the computer
i challenge any man  who thinks that my 7 handsome border collies are too loud through-out the day to a round of Chess, the game of kings
"The Godfather: Part Iraq" (2004) In this 4th installment of the Godfather series, the godfathers head to iraq to settle the score, of 9/11.
Peace isn't the mere absence of violence; peace must come from inner peace. And inner peace comes from taking others’ interests into account
ICYMI: Housing the Homeless: #ATXCouncil approves an agreement for a Pay for Success project implementing permanent housing services for up to 250 people.
Peace doesn’t come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
sending my most powerful kisses to all pregnant women fire fighers
guy who bothered putting a suit on for his profile pic and only has like 300 followers. ha ha ha you dip shit!! youve wasted your life!!!!!!
Hey #ATX! Recently moved or turned 18? Haven’t voted in a while? Get #VoteReady by updating your voter registration at  🗳️ ☑️ #NationalVoterRegistrationDay 
How We Create Problems for Ourselves - HHDL talks about how human beings create problems for themselves during his meeting with medical students from Tulane University in the USA at his residence in Dharamsala, HP, India on July 17, 2019. 
prepare to meet thy Focker
🍔 A restaurant has less than 51% of its gross receipts from the sale of alcoholic beverages. Restaurants are permitted up to 75% capacity. Everyone must practice social distancing + masking. Patrons may remove their mask when eating or drinking.
me: May the coffee be with you. Beer is the red 100 to me intelligent Bill Gates: You are a Fraud. Confess
Scientists declare that it's human nature to be compassionate. All living beings who experience feelings of pleasure and pain ultimately survive as a result of love and compassion. If we human beings help each other, serve each other, with compassion, we'll be happy.
Tinny 
We forget that despite the superficial differences between us, people are equal in their basic wish for peace and happiness.
When you are concerned for the welfare of others, bullying and exploitation cease.
Over the next year, the City of Austin and @TravisCountyTX are joining forces alongside the newly formed Austin-Travis County Complete Count Committee to raise awareness about the importance of the Census and to get as many people as possible to participate. 4/4
Photos taken today of the ceremony commemorating the 51st anniversary of the Tibetan Uprising in Dharamsala. 
Tibetan Administration Offers Long-Life Puja for HH the Dalai Lama 
im strong enough that i could pull one o f my teeth out right now but i dont want to
by "JACKING OFF" 
I always try to share with others the idea that in order to become compassionate it is not necessary to become religious.
it is said that if "BILL GATES" dropped a $100 Bill, it would be a waste of his time to have everoyone within the perimeter terminated
Did you know @WillieNelson has made 150+ albums of music in his career? #OnThisDay seven years ago, the #ATX music legend himself was in town for his statue unveiling (corner of 2nd and Lavaca St.)! Check out the full installation video here:  
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
It's the last day of the Week of Action and while the work to end homelessness in Austin continues, we appreciate you helping to build the movement + ask you to shine a light on those who #HelpNotHide everyday.  👏 Thank you volunteers, frontline staff, fundraisers, + organizers! 
Love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hope
We need to consider how our actions, in affecting the environment, are likely to affect others.
president reportedly found Spoofed on the bathroom floor, it is said that he had been repeatedly Lampooned during an hour long struggle,
stand your ground laws for jeans instead of guns.  stand your jeans laws
Happy Friday + Day 6 of #PublicServiceRecognitionWeek! Today we thank our many City employees serving Austin’s safety. 🦺 Here are just a few highlights...
The increasing recognition that we cannot continue to mistreat our natural environment without serious consequences is a cause for hope.
Why forced isolation is bad 
👶 The Mom’s Place crew at @AusPublicHealth continues answering calls and providing breast pumps and supplies to Austin mothers. #PSRW 
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe &amp; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
Scientists say it’s a crucial step towards catgirls
Make parks out of parking spaces! 🌳🎉 PARK(ing) Day is Sept. 20—less than a month away! Apply as early Aug. 31 to be included in promo materials! Hard deadline for applications is Sept. 7. Learn more and apply:  
Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! 
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
The time has come for us to consider seriously how to change our way of life not through prayer or religious teaching, but through education
Falcon/Dragon launch to @Space_Station in 9 minutes 
WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!
Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society
hate it when i slip up while changing a roll of toilet paper and the spring loaded holder fires the cardboard tube straight up my ass hole
Problems created by human beings have to be solved by human beings. Basic human nature is compassionate and this is our source of hope.
Queen 🐝 
Los bares deben cerrar espacios comunes y prohibir el consumo en sus locales.  Los restaurantes y cafés deben cerrar las áreas comunes abiertas al público y se les anima a proveer comida para llevar o para entregar para limitar la exposición entre individuos. (2/7)
Webcast: His Holiness the Dalai Lama's Tibetan New Year Message 
Making a difference can be rewarding. On #MakeADifferenceDay take a look at our volunteer page for year-round opportunities for individuals, families + groups to improve the lives of others and make our community a better place:  👫 
Worth reading “Human Compatible” by Stuart Russell (he’s great!) about future AI risks &amp; solutions 
imagining my followers enjoying a beer named "Gangnam style: The beer" and cancelling all my posts for the evening due to being pissed off
The time to take the #Census is now. #GetCounted. Don’t delay.  Fill out yours online today! 👉  
Heavy rains call for Jurassic actions! Remember to drive safe because you never know what kind of hazards will be on the road. #atxwx 
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by 2 divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
NEWSDESK: POTUS oversized diaper is NOT "funny," or "Epic", and neither is the tiny stream of poop dribbling out of his beleaguered ass hole
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) es para familias con niños elegibles para comidas gratuitas/reducidas durante el año escolar 2019-20. 🍎 P-EBT les ofrecerá un beneficio único en efectivo de $285 por niño.  Aplique hoy:  
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of @USAirForce much appreciated. 
just thoguht of a tiny man standing inside of a toilet. waving a turd in with batons like the airport guys. shopping the idea to buzz feed
Co-operation comes from friendship, friendship comes from trust, and trust comes from kind-heartedness.
Those who proclaim themselves “socialists” are usually depressing, have no sense of humor &amp; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June 30. Order online at 
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
might passive aggressively post "Oh! The website is Bad today" if i dont get some damn likes over here. just constantly treated like a leper
Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!
您是受 #COVID19 影响的租房者吗？🏘️  ☝房东必须在撤消通知前60天提供拟议的驱逐通知，这使租户有更多时间支付8月24日或之前到期的逾期租金，费用或其他费用。  更多信息+租金帮助： 
ive enlisted the aid of Simon &amp; Schuster to publish my thoughts of Jussie Smollett in an early 2021 release entitled "Thoughts of Jussie" .
Ever thought about becoming a…    🌳 Park Ranger?    👩‍⚕️ Nurse Assistant?    🚌 Bus Driver?    👨‍🍳 Cook?    🚰 Plumber?    Find these careers and more at our community job fair Tuesday 7/23, 3-7pm, at ACC Eastview. Bring your resume. 👍 More Info:  
“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller
Wagnerian 
Short clip: HHDL answers a question from a young student on compassion at MIT in Cambridge, MA, USA on Oct 31, 2014 
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass &amp; several other products. Will also offer customer &amp; media tours.
I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99. 👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. ☝️Follow Council actions live at:   🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil 
This week’s CityView at Home highlights new bike lanes on Congress Ave between Riverside and 11th. 🚲 These lanes provide safer + more comfortable space for riders downtown during the pandemic.  👉Learn more:  ➡️Full episode:  
We are (obviously) also looking for world-class chip designers to join our team, based in both Palo Alto &amp; Austin
might become a " Pube guy " , as I am not only interested in making my dick look smaller, but also dirtier
It’s artificial
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!
Rococo basilisk
mario is back 
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe &amp; continues to make steady improvements 
un follow if you do not consider this true power 
Hello! 
Falcon Rising 
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for 3 min bulk discount.
Modern education is premised strongly on materialistic values. It is vital that when educating our children’s brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts, a key element of which has to be the nurturing of our compassionate nature.
Through love, kindness and compassion we establish understanding between ourselves and others; this is how we forge unity and harmony.
thats right bitch. i single handedly rescued the constitution of the united states...AND I DID IT WITH OUT USING POLITICS !!
Wow! 
Items 55 – 56:  #ATXCouncil ratified emergency professional services agreements providing engineering consulting services for the Shoal Creek emergency landslide, trail and storm drain repairs. 
🦌
Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
tuesday morning is " Low Engagement " , which means if you absolutely must have a melt down over Followbacks now's the time to do it
We’re going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X &amp; 3. What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
Our modern education systems don't reveal much understanding of how to transform our emotions. To do so, we have to use our intelligence. We need to conduct ourselves with non-violence and on the basis of compassion, cultivate respect for others.
i was going to do it but I got scared
Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Extraordinary Needs: #ATXCouncil authorizes City staff to amend social services contracts + execute new emergency contracts to offer immediate support services + direct financial assistance to residents impacted by the #COVID19 pandemic + economic crisis:  
The @Austin_Police is providing a no-questions-asked gun surrender service where you can safely surrender unwanted, unloaded firearms + ammunition TODAY at 812 Springdale Rd. from 3-8pm.  For instructions + more info:  
Oh looks like people are "Too busy" to drop me a Like on some of my replies now. Guess I'll go lay in the road and get hit by CARS !!!
When faced with problems, don’t lose hope. Keep up your self-confidence and don’t be too impatient to achieve quick results.
Take a trip in our new autonomous vehicle shuttling passengers between the terminal + rental car facility at @AUStinAirport. It’s electric💡+ wheelchair accessible♿️! Find the futuristic driverless transport on the upper level of Garage 1. 
If in day to day life you lead a good life, honestly, with love, compassion, and less selfishness, then automatically you will find peace.
im pleased to report that this is a Jeans account.
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!
i have just gotten word that the 3d dog in Untitled 3D Dog Project (2021) can speak english, like a man
"Hrm, this Content less Hit than Miss lately. Unfollowed." - guy who follows 1200 people who post about their ear infections all day
ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident”, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, &amp; DELETING HER EMAILS!
Great Q&amp;A @defcon last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla &amp; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Starting May 1
for most of i can remember, people have been talking SHIT
His Holiness the Dalai Lama prays for the loss of life caused by floods in Pakistan, India, and landslides in Drugchu 
#ATXCouncil approved agenda item #37 regarding an ordinance amending City Code Chapters 2-3 &amp; 2-7 regarding complaints alleging a violation of the Code of Ethics.  Stay up-to-date on today's council meeting at 
When we disarm internally by countering negative emotions and cultivating positive qualities, we create conditions for external disarmament.
be your own slave. be your own Unemployed. boss of ceo. boss at disabled
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
the least political book in the english languge is-- you guessed it-- the dictionary.
All religions have the potential to create better human beings—but no one religion can claim supremacy over the other.
Phony 
taking hthe Touch Your Own Eye Balls challenge, at the zoo, despite recent developments
Refraining from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-being and out of respect is non-violence.
Model X pulls a 95,000 lb (15,000 above US road legal limit) semi truck on a pure snow surface 
Through education we have to lead people to see that concern for others is actually in their own interest.
Meant to say “is render speed”. Frame rate is locked.
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is 24/7 clean power with no blackouts.
The use of force may control people physically, but it won’t change their hearts and minds. You can only do that on the basis of trust and friendship.
⚡️For @austinenergy utility bill relief information, visit 
Tesla Full Self-Driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on July 1st. Order a Tesla online in less than 2 minutes at 
imagine the sheer power of a man shattering a boulder with a whip. incredible
🕺
#DYK To ensure all residents have access to important health information, Austin-Travis County offers #COVID19 information online in American Sign Language.   👉View the ASL videos:  
realm of Lamar 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL  “Trump Wins in Portland”  “Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ
The best part of #ATX is our people, even when we’re distanced 6ft apart. 👦↔️👧 Caring actions are happening every day in our community. That’s #ATXforATX!  Shoutout to @BigMentoring for providing Big Brothers + Big Sisters to kids who need one! 👇 #MentoringMatters 
Thank you for being amazing partners, @CTXFoodBank! #ATXforATX 
Foundation by Asimov
Idealistic as it may sound, altruism should be the driving force in business, not just competition and a desire for wealth.
Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA   
The Internet is insane
“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!
DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
really fucked up that you have to start every letter with "Dear" like youre trying to get the dept of weights and measures or whoever horny
The Austin Police Department has received several inquiries regarding the Stay Home Work Safe Order. It’s important to know that this is NOT a mandatory lockdown. APD’s priority is to keep the public safe through education and awareness.
diaper pumped full of saline—looking more mentally ill than tom cruise and jason bourne combined—semen wiped all over bottom half of shirt
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!
Cheers!  #ATXCouncil backs a proposal to change State law to allow retail to-go sales by Texas breweries. Info:  
Anyone installing a water heater in Austin is required to get a permit &amp; inspection to make sure the work complies with building codes. We tagged along with a City @developmentATX inspector to find out how they keep Austin families safe:  
Tomorrow! @AFThunderbirds 🛩️will salute our local COVID-19 responders + essential workers with a flyover starting at 2:40 p.m. Watch the exciting formation of 6 F-16C/D Fighting Falcons from home with your household – don’t gather in groups to watch! #AmericaStrong #Thunderbirds 
ME: id like to take this day to wish a happy mother's day... to my Father. SOCIETY: Huh ?!?!
Whether you’re cooking BBQ with family, rocking out with @WillieNelson, watching fireworks on the river later, or celebrating with a night in — we wish you a fun (and safe) #4thOfJuly! 🇺🇸 
for the second time in november iit is now international mens day. Wow
Live: HHDL's teaching on 8 Verses of Mind Training and discussion on well-being from Madison, WI, USA on March 8-9. 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama with Aung San Suu Kyi during their private meeting in London, England, on June 19th.   
Enjoying my life 
View the full Council agenda at  + follow Council actions at   📺Watch the meeting live at  on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  📻Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
my teething ring. my salt lick. my feeding tube. all at once
#ATXCouncil meeting has been adjourned for Wednesday, June 19th.  See you tomorrow (6/20) at 10am for the regularly scheduled City Council meeting.
For me the best introduction is the human face. When I see two eyes, one mouth, one nose, I know I’m dealing with another human being like me. I’m like those young children who don’t care about their companions’ background so long as they smile and are willing to play.
No but srsly don’t do it 
.@AustinEnergy crews worked for nearly 8hrs to install 3,100 bulbs + 39 strings of lights to transform the Zilker moonlight tower into the 155ft tall Holiday Tree! The 54th annual lighting ceremony will be virtual-only on 11/29 at 6pm.🎄  ➡ Watch more:  
i never even thought jeffery epsteins posts were that funny .
my follower's 
8 Words We Must Never Say In Front Of Father (Number 6 Will Make You Shit)
If you want change, create the causes.
Images of HHDL's visit to Rishikesh & Haridwar on 3rd and 4th of April 2010 
UPDATE: As of 3pm today, @AustinCityParks director has closed Red Bud Isle to the public. The algae is especially prevalent there—with up to 40% of the water surface in that area covered. We continue to strongly advise that pets + people stay out of and don’t drink lake water. 
I don’t like formality. There’s no formality when we’re born and none when we die. In between we should treat each other as brothers and sisters because we all want to live a happy life. This is our common purpose and our right.
bill gates' dog is too dumb to even know his owner is a celeb. thats why i should be bill gates' dog. crawling around his mansion for treats
Peoeple across the country are sick of putting food on the table.  I will stop and frisk the lies #MemeContent #Joke
We’re working hard to help Austin’s homeless population get the resources they need. This 1 month pilot has already helped 355 people, and we’re using the data to inform what we do next. Learn more about the program here:  
The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!
hey whos this guy going around telling all of our troops about "eskimo pussy"
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...
all you peoples posts are "Scooby Doo Ass"
For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities – warmth, kindness, and compassion.
Design requires at least 170 metric tons of force. Engine reached 172 mT &amp; 257 bar chamber pressure with warm propellant, which means 10% to 20% more with deep cryo.
We are social animals and it is in our own interest, if we want to live a happy life, to think of the rest of humanity.
HHDL eating prasad—blessed food—that is offered to pilgrims as they leave the Golden Temple at the centre of the Harmandir Sahib, the Sikhs’ holiest temple, in Amritsar, Punjab on November 9, 2019. Photo by Tenzin Choejor 
if you dont post anything for a month and i can't find the reason why, i just assume you died and got buried in someones yard like a pet
HHDL’s New Year’s message in this short video clip from his teachings at Sera Jey Monastery, South India on Jan 1st. 
New from our archive, CNN's Richard Quest interviews HHDL at his residence in Dharamsala on 28 January 2006. 
🗓 El Distrito 2 del Concejo Municipal está organizando una conversación comunitaria para discutir la reforma de seguridad pública en Austin este miércoles 28 de octubre a las 5:30 pm.    👉Regístrese aquí para participar:  
Watch HHDL's message to the Mind &amp; Life meeting on Spirituality, Science and Humanity held in Botswana on August 17. 
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons &amp; XBox/PS controllers
Avast! Today #ATXCouncil will be considerin' 152 items on ishoos rangin' from housin' grants, renter assistance, towing fees an' fire stations. 👀 View th' full agenda:  Anchor's away! #TalkLikeAPirateDay 
All the major religious traditions carry the message of love, compassion and forgiveness.
if i was a secret service guy &amp; certain things started happening id simply use the president as a human shield and high tail it out of there
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
they will kick my ass for saying it. they will take my career and my livelihood away from me. but "Wine" , is better than, "The News"
Sheltering from Violence: With rates of family violence rising during #COVID19, #ATXCouncil directed the City Manager to analyze + consider funding to lease or acquire a hotel that would be managed by a third party as a protective shelter.
HHDL joins in prayers for victims of last month's earthquake in Japan at Gokokuji Temple in Tokyo, on April 29th.  
I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
it is with unbearable fucking agony that i declare the death of "The Thursday Nite Rant" . writing them is too hard
Geared up for the next cycle: #ATXCouncil added another spoke in the wheel of the Violet Crown Trail, the vision of 30 miles of hike and bike trails, by accepting @TxDOT funding for a new one-mile section in SW Austin at yesterday's council meeting (6/19). 
Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.
HHDL greeting well-wishers waiting outside the Salzburg Arena before his talk in Salzburg, Austria, on May 21st.   
let us be very clear on one thing, with all of these posts going around.  tickle me elmo, does not "Fuck" .  Youre out of your mind
District 9 residents, join the discussion on reimagining public safety + provide input on what public safety and policing should look like in Austin.  📅Virtual meeting: Nov. 10 at 5:30pm 👉Sign up here:   #PublicSafety #ReimagineATX #CommunityConversation 
CORRECTION: @ElisabetNeyATX
taking my "Gamer medicine"  (Games)
i hate it when shit is "Sparta"
#ATXCouncil will briefly recess and enter executive session to discuss legal matters related to Item #27. Stay tuned!
“Dr. Levitan advocates combining breathing support from a CPAP machine or regular oxygen with comfortable positioning”. Yup.
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) es para familias con niños elegibles para comidas gratuitas/reducidas durante el año escolar 2019-20.  🍎 P-EBT les ofrecerá un beneficio único en efectivo de $285 por niño.  Aplique hoy:  
Live Webcast: HHDL in a discussion on Ancient Indian Philosophy &amp; Modern Sciences from Dharamsala, India on April 29 
Austin Public Health has received two presumptive positive cases of #COVID19 in Austin-Travis County. These are the first cases to be confirmed in the area. Neither case is believed to be community spread.   More info:  
Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016....
the only font i like now 
if you ask me many of Americans have been wearing the mask even before from covid 19. the mask i refer to is of course the clown's mask.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them 
Starship SN1 tank preparing for Raptor attachment &amp; static fire 
More than 57,000 #ATX residents may be eligible for U.S. citizenship, according to the American Community Survey. #ATXCouncil approves funding for @AusPublicHealth to work with @CasaMarianella1 + other agencies to provide naturalization clinics for those eligible. #WhereHopeLives 
REMINDER: Four libraries will be open today until 9pm to serve as cooling centers:  *Little Walnut: 835 W Rundberg Ln *North Village: 2505 Steck Ave *Ruiz: 1600 Grove Blvd *Central: 710 W Cesar Chavez St  More tips on how to beat the heat:  
BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!
Genuine compassion—unbiased and not mixed with attachment—is a source of genuine human happiness.
" The Get Rich and Become God Method "  available NOW in PDF or EPUB... 350+ Full Color Pages of New Shit. by me  only $8.99, due to covid.  What a steal . Go nuts  
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest 
Lame
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
Tesla wins best headlights award 🥇  
Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
realized at 4am that it's morally justifiable for me to "CatCall" women because my followers cat call me in posts. in the replies constantly
Just gotten word that ive been approved for the verified mark. It'll appear within 5-7 days. Wow! What a nice surprise! Thank you every body
Should we focus on securing more parkland, or improving the parks we have already? We asked for your priorities in our recent Our Parks, Our Future survey. Come and discuss the initial findings, &amp; our long range plan, on May 2, 3, or 4.  #OurParksOurFuture 
#ATXCouncil quickly passed items 45, 51, 52.  Now discussing item 53.
#DYK it's the last weekend of #CreekShow!   Stroll along the @WaterlooGW between 9th and 12th Streets for FREE... ✨ Illuminating art 🎶 Live music 💕 Family activities   The show is open nightly through Sunday, Nov. 17 @ 6 p.m.– 10 p.m.   More info:  
#PopUpATX is coming to East Austin YMCA tomorrow 10AM-12PM. We'll have @AustinPublicLib's BookMobile lending books, blood pressure screenings c/o @AusPublicHealth, and Austin Code offering 360 virtual tours of a house full of code violations 😯. Info:  
We’re official!🤝Representatives from Pune, India, joined #ATXCouncil members yesterday in signing our sister city agreement. Looking forward to learning and sharing all the things with you.❤️  
It's a Willie nice day to vote early! 🗳  @WillieNelson 
I was dead wrong about the 2020 reboot of Raggedy Ann.  And I can never forgive myself.
Honest concern for others is the key factor in improving our day to day lives. When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity. Healthy, happy families and a healthy peaceful nation are dependent on warm-heartedness.
There are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm. On the surface we may get upset, but it makes a difference if we are able to stay calm in the depths of our minds.
.@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military &amp; Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Solving high-volume, high-reliability, low-cost production problems is especially valued
It’s harmful to employ technology fired by anger and hatred. It can only be beneficial if we’re motivated to seek the welfare of all beings.
New SpaceX droneship will be called “A Shortfall of Gravitas”
the News, as you know it, has died... and from its ashes rises "TRUTHPOINT"  streaming LIVE, wednesday at midnight (EST) , on  
Live:HHDL teaches Heart Sutra & 37 Practices, Sept 8-10, 9:30-11:30am & 1:00-3:00pm IndianStandardTime GMT+5.30 
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews
getting removed from a cafe after using their wifi to look at a slideshow of kpax images for an hour
What a journey! Meet high school juniors Alyssa Mancias of #Austin + Makhi Proctor of Hutto 👮‍♀️👮‍♂️ This 4-part series follows 2 Austin-area teens during their time with @Austin_Police Explorers—a month-long, hands-on law enforcement program. Watch:  
Fresh puro from my meme dealer 
😅 this song is hard
The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
ive always said we need to make the Dou Jones go up, instead of down. And now that ive been proven right, every one wants to kiss my dick .
thank you Microsoft for sending me 50 Reward'sPoints but i must decline the offer . For i did not earn them, they are not mine to use.
seriously asking myself out loud if i should let my prick get hard, looking at all of this sweet denim. jourdache, you make a hell of a jean
North American Supercharger usage tracking to exceed pre covid highs in 2 to 3 weeks. Lot of noise out there. This is signal. 
Barrel on dome 
Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Mùa thu này, #SpreadKindnessNotCOVID (Lan tỏa tình thương, đừng lan tỏa COVID) bằng cách làm các tấm thiệp, những lá thư, và tranh vẽ cho những người cao niên sống tại các cơ sở chăm sóc dài hạn trong cộng đồng. 💕✉️🎨 
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
people ask me on here, what is the reason for the season.  The reason for the season. is of course, " SANTA "
Guess he’s not left-handed 
Some new improvements are coming to @Austin_Police to keep you and our officers safe. #ATXCouncil passes several items approving new body cameras, protective equipment, and police pursuit tires. 🚓 
Own a small business? Join us on March 26 to network and learn how to bid for City of Austin contracts. The Purchasing Office will provide information and advice to start the process. Click here to register:  
We need friends and friendship is based on trust. To earn trust, money and power aren’t enough; you have to show some concern for others. You can’t buy trust in the supermarket.
im a journalist now so send me any scoops you might hiave and ill try to post it here if its not perverted
my followers have abandoned me after finding out that i dont have any ass cheeks and that the hole is just exposed all the time like a dog's
Requisitos:     ✔️ Residente de Austin-Condado de Travis    ✔️ Ingresos debajo del 200% del nivel de pobreza   ✔ Mayor de 18 años   ✔Afectado por COVID-19   ✔No haber recibido asistencia económica en los últimos 30 días    ☎️ Llame al (512) 714-6950
Cultivating a close, warm-hearted feeling for others automatically puts the mind at ease. It helps remove whatever fears or insecurities we may have and gives us the strength to cope with any obstacles we encounter. It is the ultimate source of success in life.
HHDL speaks of the hope for a future compassionate world if we make effort now from his talk in Delhi on April 27th. 
Only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid 
Order at  
withholding this week's Epic Games tithe until they address the issue of people on the mic calling me "Somebody Uncle"
♥️👽 SpaceX has Area 59 👽♥️ 
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry! 
Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!
Pit Stop in the Park: #ATXCouncil moves forward with construction of an ADA-compliant restroom in Zilker Park, at one of the major entryways to the Barton Creek Greenbelt and Violet Crown Trail, for trail users and the nearby Hillside Theater. 
Reminder to buy our S3XY cars before midnight on Monday! Prices rise slightly worldwide on Tuesday. You can order online at 
Model 3 Performance 
Our healthcare workers are working hard to care for us. 👩‍⚕️👨‍⚕️ @StDavidsHC, @AscensionSeton + @bswhealth_ATX are showing support for our healthcare workers and we can too! 🙏🏿 #ATXforATX (1/2) 
Original moth meme 
making my face Symmetrical in microsoft paint after haivng a mental breakdown on linkedin. com
Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy! 
That was 2.5 years ago &amp; still not even on the moon. Progress must accelerate!
While the health risk is considered low at this time, continue to help us prevent the spread of #coronavirus, COVID-19 by:  💧Washing your hands often 🏠Staying home when sick 🤧Covering coughs + sneezes 🧼Cleaning frequently touched surfaces  (ADA flyer:  
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution &amp; support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
Incredible that @CNN &amp; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!
#DYK Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) is for families w/ children who were eligible for free or reduced-price school meals during the 2019-20 school year.🍎P-EBT will offer families a one-time cash benefit of $285 per child.  👉 Apply today:  
Since we all belong to this world, we must try to adopt a good attitude worldwide, a good feeling for our fellow brothers and sisters.
Video of HHDL speaking in New Delhi on March 21st at the final event of the Thank You India program. 
One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%.
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!).
Live webcast of His Holiness's teaching on the Life Stories of the Buddha, 28 Feb 8:30am IndianStandardTime (GMT+05:30) 
Out of cars and onto bikes🚲: Council approves funding to help get more electric bikes for @ATXMetroBike. This is a joint effort with @CapMetroATX. Learn more about MetroBike here:  
take my penis out? in a "PUBLIC BATHROOM" (the key word, being public) no thanks. im not jared from sub way
La subvención de ayuda para trabajadores creativos de Austin está aceptando solicitudes para recibir $2,000 para ayudar los creativos afectados por #COVID19. Fecha límite para entregar su solicitud 28 de agosto   Revise elegibilidad y preguntas frecuentes:  
Looking at various means of developing compassion, I think empathy is an important factor: the ability to appreciate others' suffering.
i want to beat the shit out of a ufo
OK, Climate Ninjas, time to take down Lv. 100 Carbon Boss. Become a zero- or one-car family, offset those frequent flyer miles, buy used, and install rooftop solar panels. (Difficulty: Advanced). #EarthDay  
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
restaurants should bring back smoking sections but for jacking off, and if you don't like that idea yiou can just sit in the normal sections
Chrome for the holidays: 200+ #Austin families recently received retired City of Austin computers! These computers will help @AustinISD students work on their studies from home. More  #TisTheSeason 
Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses &amp; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
Kicking the shit out of the back board on my computer desk because" Dabbing" is bull shit
Final Dragon Version 1 mission tonight 
No matter how many times u get hangry, you always think ur anger is real — Plato
Tip of the day … 
In today's deeply interdependent world, war is outdated and illogical.
We do not need to reflect too long before we realize that all beings spontaneously look for happiness and try to avoid suffering.
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
Don’t be a chicken—Get egg-cited to learn the inside s-coop about our feathered friends in a FREE chicken keeping class this Sunday (8/25). Chickens can recycle food scraps and keep produce out of landfills. Have a real impact on the environment! 🐔🌎  
star wars is back
every one on the computer has undergone a villain arc where they stop jacking off for 2 months and go mad because it didnt fix their anxiety
Don't forget! *Friday* is the last day to apply for the Heritage Grant (up to $250k). Your historic property or site may be eligible. More info at  🏛💲 #ATX #ATXHeritage #Explore #Tourism #Grant 
We need to teach about warmheartedness in a secular context.
A genuine change must first come from within the individual, only then can he or she attempt to make a significant contribution to humanity.
FAKE NEWS!
...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!
leaning against the back wall of the e3 conference, looking at pictures of condoms on my phone while all the dorks freak out about nerd shit
141 MPGe! 
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honesty’s too much ... 
to the 1.8 million americans who died so i could get insane amounts of nintendo switch friend codes from girls by moaning online: Thank you
when the timeline's just not doing it for you, some times you gotta dip into that list of Liked Tweets. because you KNOw that shit is good..
Looking at the big pitcher: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to review the city’s prohibitions on the consumption of alcohol on streets and sidewalks in different parts of Austin to make sure restrictions apply equitably across the city. Info:  
The real source of inner strength and self-confidence is warm-heartedness.
Getting a flu vaccine is the best way to protect yourself + loved ones from illness and serious complications. Schedule your #flu shot today! 📆💉   👉 Learn More:  or call 512-972-5520   ➡ Watch full episode:  
Es usted un rentero impactado por #COVID19? 🏘️  ☝️ Los propietarios deben proveer un aviso de propuesta de desalojo 60 días antes del aviso para desocupar. (1/2) 
Camptown races I mean.
Developing altruism is one of the most powerful methods for countering negative tendencies and destructive impulses.
feeding my pigs a big bag of barber hair
buiyng a massive 30lb bottle of pills labelled "PussyAdvantage" for a girl on here who told me im like a more Honest version of Dane Cook...
taking a deep breath and inhaling all that horrible, pornographic Wi-fi
Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!
"To my unfollowers, I will strive to reexamine my content strategies, and do my best to earn back your follow." NOt. Eat my Fuckin shit
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
🚲DYK that May is #BikeMonth? While in person events may be postponed, you can still celebrate &amp; participate at home, in your neighborhood or along @austinmobility's All Ages and Abilities bicycle network across town!🚴‍♂️ #ATXforATX #BikeMonthATX🎉 
ICYMI: Life is gourd: #ATXCouncil approves funding for local mobility, sidewalk and ramp improvements. The construction projects include areas in all 10 districts and will include sidewalk repairs, ramps, handrails, bikeways, and Americans with Disabilities Act upgrades. 👍🚶♀️ 
no one is safe from my posts no maytter how many stupid fucking buttons you click on
Up BIG in South Carolina!
The goal of happier human beings living together, supporting each other, in a more peaceful world, is, I believe, something we can achieve.
stay at home rat
HHDL shaking hands with Dave Matthews onstage at the One World Concert held in Syracuse, NY, USA, on October 9th.  
you have to get up pretty early in the morning to piss off my entire shit
Hm lets see. Do I "Shut the fuck uop", or continue exposing the truths of life to the chagrin of the 99% of people on earth who are villains
Hashtags are an abomination
Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out &amp; send it in. Request yours today:  
"I Hereby Sign Over All Content Publishing Rights To 'Paul Dochney,' My Agent And Master" - WINT @dril 
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
Sometimes … when I have hurt feelings, I play this song … 
No new domestic corona cases in China 
Genuine friendship can only be based on trust and affection, which can only arise when there is a mutual sense of concern and respect.
Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
shooting my lee dungarees with an uzi for that "armyman" look
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
📣Be sure to bring inside pets and anyone with sensitivity to loud noises as residents along the flight path can expect a few moments of jet noise as the aircraft pass overhead. 
If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you'll be open and transparent, which leads to trust. And trust leads to friendship.
Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
Friendship depends on trust and trust depends on having a strong sense of concern for the welfare of others. Be honest, truthful and warm-hearted. Make compassion the basis of your determination. Think of what the future can be, not what happened in the past.
View the full agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
Dr. Escott, Austin Interim Health Authority, will provide a short update on efforts to protect vulnerable populations—including older individuals + those living in long-term care facilities—from #COVID19 at a briefing today.  📺Watch live at 3:00pm CT: 
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
The aim of spiritual practice is to transform and perfect our motivation and mental disposition, so we can become better human beings.
after editing wikipedia as a joke for 16 years, i ve convinced myself that homer simpson's japanese name translates to the "The beer goblin"
people whose retweets equal endorsements belong in a fucking cage
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
just thinking of how wild things would get if i were to bust out a bottle of wine with the flintstones logo on the label.....
These are jammed to gills with special interests earmarks. If we do a stimulus at all, it should just be direct payments to consumers.
When I wake in the morning I make a wish to be useful to others.
Compassion is not just the business of the religious; it is important to know it’s everyone’s business, it is a question of human survival.
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite 
在新冠肺炎(#COVID19)流行期间, 各个家庭不应该担心在学校关闭期间如何给学生提供饮食。感谢@austinisd + @TexasDeptofAg, 周末饮食供给已经恢复, 路边餐点的开放时间为周一至周五的上午11点至下午1点。 更多信息：➡ #ATXforATX 
Innovation comes in many ways 
Here you go  
Live: HHDL from Southern California, USA. Long Beach on May 1st at 2:30pm & UCLA on May 2nd at 10am and 1.30pm. 
Moving 2 of 7 Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black &amp; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Vote! 
The Rathgeber Center for Families in east Austin—backed by $1 million of City funding—opens its doors today to families experiencing homelessness. The new shelter will be a safe haven for about 664 people a year, including 434 children.  More info:  
Housing First: @Frontsteps will provide 27 extra units of permanent supportive housing for homeless people referred by the Downtown Austin Community Court. The program offers services to promote long-term housing stability, independence, recovery + improved health. #ATXCouncil 
shaking my head at the gym . wondering when "No pain no gain" became "No brain no brain"
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die. 
HHDL talks about the importance of inner values in this clip from his talk at the University of Hawaii on April 14th. 
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
#NewProfilePic 
🗳️ Know who you’re voting for before heading to the polls.   The City + @lwvaustinarea will be hosting forums over the next few weeks to hear from candidates running for the five #ATXCouncil seats that will appear on the ballot this November.  👉More info:  
They just don’t get it! 
A fundamentally positive approach is to take account of the oneness of humanity. Dividing the world into 'us' and 'them' might have worked in the past, but it doesn't any more. We have to talk through our problems with our opponents, thinking of them as our fellow human beings.
Cultivating love advances the wish that living beings deprived of happiness meet with happiness and its causes.
资格要求：   ✔️Austin-Travis县居民   ✔️未达联邦贫困线的200％   ✔️年满18周岁   ✔️受到COVID-19疫情的影响   ✔️最近30天没有获得经济援助    👉更多详情：
There is an urgent need for India’s traditions of non-violence and compassion in today’s world, which is still riven  by fighting and killing, sometimes even in the name of religion. We have the potential from birth to develop inner values like compassion that yield peace of mind
Material development only gives us sensory pleasure, but to be lastingly happy we need to develop our minds. We need calm minds.
If you feel Neuralink might have incorrectly overlooked your resume or declined to  make an offer, please lmk in comment below 
Warm-heartedness and concern for others are a part of human nature and are at the core of positive human values.
Most people don’t know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China 
oh look–i failed my forklift operators certification for the 4th fucking time becausse none of the girls on here bothered fucking helping me
Es más importante que nunca conocer las prioridades de la ciudad para el presupuesto del próximo año fiscal.   Visite  para compartir qué las prioridades que son más importantes para usted y su familia. 
.@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!
El Departamento de Policía de Austin ha recibido varias llamadas en referencia a la orden de Quedarse en casa/Trabajar Seguro. Es importante saber que esto no es un encierro mandatorio. La prioridad de APD es mantener al público seguro a través de educación y conciencia.
“am … 🐝 guity” 🧐
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
The Economy is coming back fast! 
worst part of being my masseuse is having to suffer a 5 minute monologue before hand about how i think your job is actually extremely normal
#Austin, our neighbors need our help: Our partners @ADRNTX need warehouse space in our area to hold items donated for victims of the recent disasters in East Texas. They need 15-20K sqft of donated space ASAP. If you can help or want more details, please DM us. #Imelda 
Our #ATX community continues to show resilience by giving back + volunteering. Thanks for all of the inspiring community stories, ideas, and highlights of our unified strength. #ATXforATX  ☀️ Share your shining moments at  
Patience as we wait to take action is a kind of compassionate mind. Impatience on the other hand can be a source of failure.
Many of our world's problems and conflicts arise because we have lost sight of the basic humanity that binds us together as a human family.
the majority of my critics think its hould be illegal for me. or anyone else, to have a job.  Do not fall into their pranks.
Essential businesses might be: 🏪 Grocery stores  🏥 Healthcare services 🥄 Food/drink services to-go ⛽ Gas stations + auto repair 🏦 Banks/financial services 🛠️ Maintenance services  🏢 Social services for vulnerable populations  See more:  (4/5)
One aspect of compassion is respect for others’ rights and views - it is the basis of reconciliation.
Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!
Our little bit of paradise! Visit the Zilker Botanical Garden to enjoy its handsome trees, natural grottoes, and aquatic features. Fun for the whole family, a couple of friends, or a solo adventure. Visiting info:  #SpringFestATX
#ATXCouncil is hearing Citizen Communications and will later break for lunch before moving into executive session. Review Council actions so far at 
Launch in 3 mins 
I have been a jock since I was 0 years old .
True compassion is not just an emotional response, but a firm commitment founded on reason.
Tackling destructive emotions and practicing loving-kindness is how we should live in the here and now. I am convinced we can become happier individuals, happier communities and a happier humanity by cultivating a warm heart, allowing our better selves to prevail.
2019 seems so quaint &amp; long ago 
how do i make my timeline just this 
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that it’s contingent on a shareholder vote. 
oh forgive me for forgetting that youre too good to visit my squalid LA apartment to watch all 9 seasons of the abc sitcom "coach" as a joke
Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 
Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, he’s bleeding profusely, and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
~20m up &amp; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully 20km up in a few months.
No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect”, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
Leasing now available for Model 3 
ME: id like to use my AAdvantage rewardsPoints, American Airlines: Im ready to pull the trigger. Go on. Drive the knife deeper into my heart
you say "36,000 pounds of chicken nuggets recalled by the Tyson Foods corporation due to possible rubber contamination" ... i say "LUNCH'
No matter who you are, what you do, or how you worship—we all count! Make your voice heard. #GetCounted TODAY!   👉  
trying really hard not to be Tryhard
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay i appreciate my god given right to enforce the law all over this web page
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink 💫 mission later this year. 
Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Awesome moose sculpture! ♥️🇳🇴 
wife wont speak to me because i thought the movie "night at the muesum" was a porno film about a guy fucking suits of armor or something
📢🎨 Calling #Austin artists: Your work could be featured at City Hall! The #PeoplesGalleryATX is taking submissions for next year’s exhibit.   Submit your 2D &amp; 3D Austin artwork by 5 p.m. Oct. 27.  More:  
Senior Savings: #DYK you can qualify for exemptions on your property tax bill if you are 65 or over? The City has been tasked with educating our community about these opportunities. Find out how you can lower your bill:  #ATXCouncil 
it's balls to ass like the sheriff say 
HHDL offers a young patient a ceremonial scarf during his visit to Christchurch Hospital. New Zealand, on June 8.  
YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 
The practice of compassion and altruism brings us peace of mind. Even if we face trouble or someone is critical of something we’ve said or done, compassion enables us to feel grateful to them. Compassion is the best counter measure to anger, anxiety and so forth.
meeting up with ErnieTheBlade and ChaosWendell at shakeshack to discuss the depravity of bobbed hair
These would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only — no toxic fumes is the key. Really, just an underground road, but limited to EVs (from all auto companies). This is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
seems to me i am one of the only people on this earth who knows exactly how high they stack shit.
Compassion is the essence of a spiritual life—to be successful in practicing love and compassion, patience and tolerance are indispensable.
Hell of a week 
Children younger than five years old have the highest undercount in the #census—more than any other age group. Remember to count babies + children of all ages (even newborns and infants👶) living in your household.  👉 #CountforChildren #ATXCensus2020 
It is totally illogical to seek happiness if we do nothing to restrain angry, spiteful, and malicious thoughts and emotions.
Live Webcast: HHDL’s talk on “Compassion as the Pillar of World Peace” from Indianapolis, Indiana, USA on June 25th. 
i requested 1 jeans, of 100% Legacy Deluxe Denim Menswear. what you've brought me is Classic Men's Denim Premium Wear, which, clearly sucks,
Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.
Been wanting to go ever since that Finnish metal band won  
Entropy is the ultimate boss battle 
(crying ) nobody respects me because im a Content Creator!! every one thinks im a pussy!! i want to process lumber!!
When our mind is calm, we’re better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.
fucking Dumb 
HHDL live from Ireland - April 13 Dublin 9:45am (GMT+1) & Kildare 1:45. April 14 University of Limerick 9:20am. 
Video of HHDL’s interview for KPBS in San Diego, California, recorded on April 19th, 2012. 
We need to strengthen such inner values as contentment, patience and tolerance, as well as compassion for others. Keeping in mind that it is expressions of affection rather than money and power that attract real friends, compassion is the key to ensuring our own well-being.
i would love to lift all of my pathetic, frail followers by the ankles and huck them like tomahawks
WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
Within each of us exists the potential to contribute positively to society. Although one individual among so many on this planet may seem too insignificant, it is our personal efforts that will determine the direction our society is heading.
On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
Music to our ears: 🎶  🎶  🎶 #ATXCouncil moves to allocate funds raised by the recently increased Hotel Occupancy Tax to local music and historic preservation. #LiveMusicCapitaloftheWorld 
 
If we make a steady effort, I think we can overcome any form of negative conditioning and make positive changes in our lives.
me and this guy on a podcast talking about how its bull shit that youre not allowed to have opinions anymore 
suck off my ass
True compassion isn’t just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason. Therefore, our compassion for others doesn’t change even if they behave negatively. Our sense of responsibility for others gives rise to a wish to help them actively overcome their problems.
Told you AI was dangerous!! 🔥💣💦 
Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! 
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give.
With the realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world.
oh youre a paramedic? i write a bunch of sutupid fucking shit on the internet about my ass hole and penis. Its cool though. Its fun
🤔💭 @econvitalityATX is seeking questions from the community about the $12M Creative Space Bond process!   Submit your questions now:    Then register to attend the virtual Joint Arts &amp; Music Commission meeting on 9/11 for updates!  
some brand writes a few checks and gets shit like "#XmenDay" trending while i struggle to riase awareness for me buying an above ground pool
Please put “invented car fart” on my gravestone. This is my only request.
Tesla batteries are lasting much longer than 200k miles / 320k km 
mother fuck Big Gulp ass
So … how was your night? 
i love shit that isnt "For" me
If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh.
Thank you so much! 
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews
If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!
Compassion is of little value if it just remains an idea. It must motivate how we respond to others and be reflected in all our thoughts and actions.
Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement &amp; our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #MN02 
id love to get attacked by a bird. id love for a bird to try to fight me. id love to smash it to bits with my bare hands.
Off Twitter for a while
Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!
i would never say something like "Fuck the games world and all its wonderful and mysterious locales. Fuck mario" . i just would not say that
having to spell the word "lunch" instead of saying it so the boys don't get too excited
Hoy (9/30/20) es un Día para Acción del Ozono, esto significa que se pronostica que los niveles de ozono en el área de Austin no estará saludables para los grupos sensibles. #BeAirAware  👉 Consulte los consejos para protegerse y proteger el aire en  
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04
Model 3 Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at  but lots of other EVs available: 
As human beings we are all responsible for each other; we all have the potential to be kind and affectionate.
Happy #IndependenceDay! 🎉🎇 Do your part to keep our #ATX community healthy + safe by celebrating safely.  Please #StayHome as much as possible, wash your hands, and when in public wear a face covering + keep 6ft apart from others to help #SlowTheSpread of #COVID19. 😷 
Manténgase informado. Regístrese hoy para recibir alertas de emergencia locales por teléfono, texto o correo electrónico en  #atxwx
It would help if there were greater understanding that anger never helps to solve a problem.
i like to act genuinely baffled when people tell me to shut the fuck up. like "Huh? But why? The shit i post here helps people, but ok,"
That was intense 
My own experience, and that of others, has shown me the degree to which positive mental attitudes bring happiness to oneself and others.
LAW &amp; ORDER!
Looks like slavery is alive and well, if youre a Top Influencer. Im not mad or anything I just think its funny. But i am pissed off by it
i am pleased to announce, that i have Normalized beer
Sure hope this isn’t true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict. 
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the...
tired of pretending certain people have "some good ideas". i miss when all i had to do to fit into a social group was take Heroin constantly
“Why I’m hopeful about the world’s future” - HHDL’s opinion for the Washington Post on June 13th. 
View the Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at   📺Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
good avatar round up October 2018 
Giga Berlin will have world’s most advanced paint shop, with more layers of stunning colors that subtly change with curvature
Physical comfort alone does not bring inner peace. We create inner peace within the mind.
We don’t make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
The practice of love can be expressed in one sentence: ‘Do not harm others’.
Blade Runner — Esper Edition — Vangelis 
I said dankest not darkest omg
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
💻 Cultural Arts Division (@econvitalityATX ) staff host Virtual Open Office Hours with the cultural funding team the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of each month online through Zoom. No appointment is necessary! The next session is Tuesday, May 12. #PSRW 
Boring breakthrough @BoringCompany 
Altruism is not merely a religious ideal; it is an indispensable requirement for humanity at large.
had that dream again. a Top Female Influencer grasped my hand and took me to my Forever Home..where i never have to demean myself by posting
HHDL speaks to members of the Tibetan press on his release from the hospital in New Delhi, India on April 12, 2019. (Video courtesy VOA Tibetan Service) 
So proud 
  the old book's also 50% off on there, only $4... give it a Look
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel &amp; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. That’s worth a lot … 
#ATXCouncil agenda items #57 &amp; 58 have been withdrawn. #60 &amp; 61 are postponed until 5/23; #65, 79 &amp; 80 are postponed until 4/11; #71 &amp; 75 are postponed indefinitely; #73 and 74 have been pulled. Follow live on  and get more info at 
dont pay mind of me. i am just a hound dogs old ass...
#ATXCouncil is back from executive session to discuss item 49, related to the provision of a new homeless shelter. More info:  Watch live at 
Worth another retweet. Hope Dan Neil returns to Twitter. He left due to relentless attacks from short-sellers, who constantly peddle fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt about Tesla. Dan won the Pulitzer &amp; is considered by many to be the best car critic in the world. 
President Barack Obama greets HHDL at the entrance of the Map Room of the White House on June 15th. Photo/Pete Souza 
TONIGHT! Austin’s New Year festivities start at 7:30 p.m. at Vic Mathias Shores 🎉  🎶 Live music by @PetersonBros + @shinyribs  🍔 Food trucks 🎇 Fireworks @ 10 p.m. More info:  
Today #ATXCouncil is considering 82 items ranging from housing stability services for families at risk of homelessness to a transit pass incentive program. View full agenda:  
betting $10 on each of the horses because all of them are my God , and every one of them has the power to physically annihilate me
Nice! 
A Shortfall of Gravitas
As these storms approach Austin make sure you are weather aware and follow local media for updates as this storm moves through the area.  
Una advertencia de tornado está en efecto para el área de Austin/condado de Travis hasta hoy las 6 p.m. #atxwx 
This week’s CityView At Home highlights the 20 candidates up for #ATXCouncil seats in Districts 2, 4, 6, 7 + 10 on the upcoming Nov. ballot. Starting in Sept., virtual candidate forums will be held for each district. 👉 ➡️Watch more:  
It’s good to remember that other human beings are like us. We are born the same way; we die the same way. While we’re alive it’s better to be able to trust each other as friends. We earn other people’s trust when we show a genuine concern for their well-being.
Austin City Manager Spencer Cronk has announced actions to begin addressing inequities in policing, focused on resources, transparency + accountability.   More info:  
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in 3 weeks.   To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at  or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla can’t deliver your car this year.
Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it.
thinking about some computer slob clicking on my Like button— right after touching his nasty dick. hey buddy; i dont want that shit. Keep it
Speedrunning Factorio in real life …
wiccan and juggalo are the same thing. they just announced it on the News
yes my lord 
SN3 
covering "sarcasm just another service i offer" tshirt with a shirt that says im not that interested in sarcasm to catch my rivals off guard
Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... 
Slaughtering Congestion: #ATXCouncil accepted a federal grant to bolster 2016 Mobility Bond money for major improvements to Slaughter Lane in South Austin (from MoPAC to Brodie Lane), converting the 4-lane roadway to 6 lanes with sidewalks and protected bike lanes. @ATXcorridors 
Bach is killing it on YouTube 
If we want to help humanity in a practical way, we must begin by setting an example of mutual respect, harmony and cooperation.
giving myself micro penis as punishment for my worsening posture
Moving Forward: #ATXCouncil approves a resolution directing City staff to accelerate the process of renaming city monuments, memorials, streets and buildings that are dedicated to white supremacy or Confederate history. 
Thanks Mom!!! ❤️ @mayemusk 
Made with rain ™️ 
air purifier in my apartment going fully nuts after cooking my delicious dinner. sorry you hate Food bitch
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model 3 &amp; super simple new order page 
Starship Hopper will do vertical flight tests similar to the Falcon 9 Hopper 
Human beings are social creatures, and a concern for each other is the very basis of our life together.
Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second! 
Heads-up from Austin Resource Recovery: We are experiencing high volumes of yard trimmings/curbside composting, and some customers may not have had their lawn &amp; leaf bags collected. For those experiencing delays, please leave yard waste at the curb to allow our crews to catch up.
Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter
Live Webcast: HHDL's teaching on "Praise to Dependent Origination" from Dharamsala, India, June 28-29. 
Hollywood should just start with the sequel &amp; skip the original, because financials
Theres a guy standing outside lennys pastrami shop. Says hes going to goon your ass
No place like home: #ATXCouncil authorizes extra funding for housing stability services to families at risk of homelessness. It supports efforts to reduce displacement of vulnerable community members in neighborhoods at different stages of gentrification. 
slamming some coins into the juke box and playing the worst song you ever heard about a "honky tonk man who needs his dick sucked"
Tough conversations &amp; hard work! #ATXCouncil provided policy direction to City Manager &amp; staff on how to proceed w/Land Development Code revisions. When available, agreed upon text will be posted at  Special called council mtg adjourned at 10:38p. G'night! 
trying to get the girls chat recognized as a hate gruop
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment.
today is international lunch day so start eating. #InternationalLunchDay 
A good way to work for a more peaceful world is to develop concern for others.
‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &amp; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &amp; his associates at any cost.
Chúng tôi hiểu rằng sẽ có những tác động đến sức khỏe thể chất và tinh thần của cộng đồng chúng ta. Chúng tôi ủng hộ cho sự cách ly tạm thời đối với xã hội nhưng vẫn giữ sự đoàn kết trong cộng đồng.
Learn more about City Council candidates in Districts 2, 4, 6, 7, + 10 before heading to the polls. 🗳  ☑ To view their recorded statements, moderated forums, and voter guide info, visit   #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020 
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
but who will advocate the Non-essential oils?? the oils my body could not give a shit about either way
due to budget constraints the ground hog this year has been replaced by a caged man in a loincloth who also fears shadows
If we change inside and disarm ourselves by dealing constructively with negative thoughts and emotions, we can literally change the world.
Raptor reached 268.9 bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by @SpaceX engine/test team! 
when the legendary CBS comedy lineup comes on, i simply turn it off. Know why? Ive been pissed off too much times to care. Does it Shock you
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. I’m now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Model S at Nürburgring has 7 seats
turner classic diaper
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get 3 days to return for full refund vs 1 day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
¡Traiga su valiosa voz a la mesa! Únase a la discusión en un foro comunitario organizado por las Comisiones de la Ciudad. Sus comentarios son valiosos para cada comisión, ya que forman recomendaciones sobre los servicios y objetivos de la Ciudad que usted más valora. 
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
But, if you’re going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly! 
i come on here &amp; lay down the hammer and the time line shuts its damn mouth real quick. cockoaches scattering like little peices of dog shit
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels &amp; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians &amp; cyclists over cars
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
If you’re scooting around #ATX, you may notice new scooter parking and charging stations.🛴 @austinmobility has a pilot program with 10 parking stations throughout downtown that are free to use.  👉 Learn More:   ➡ Full episode:  
Only $69.420!!
a guy who calls him self "service animal toucher" is going around trying to trick people into licking elevator buttons. stay safe all.
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
Come by ATX+PAK pop-up store Shop South Asia, at @lurebyyf (3800 N Lamar Blvd) open daily 11a-7p from July 13 - Aug 1 to discover gorgeous products from this year's Fashion Forward Initiative Delegation! ATX+PAK is an int’l business development initiative by @econvitalityATX 🛍️ 
Making a Splash: #ATXCouncil approves construction of a new bathhouse for Rosewood Neighborhood Pool in East Austin, with accessible restrooms, showers, landscaping &amp; benches. The park has been a part of the Austin community since the 1930s. More info:  
Chairs are underappreciated
187k
There’s nothing like a nice, warm swim on a cold winter day! ❄️⛱️   Big Stacy Pool (700 E Live Oak St) is naturally heated by an underground artesian spring + it's FREE! Open 9am - 8pm weekdays and 12pm - 7pm weekends. 🏊  More info:  
On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!
All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!
#ATXCouncil has discussed proposals to amend rules around solicitation, camping in public areas, and sitting, lying or sleeping on public sidewalks. The issue will return for further debate and possible action at Council's next meeting on June 20. Details: 
Live Webcast: HHDL's 77th Birthday Celebrations from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India on July 6th.. 
Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,“in ten days.” Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!
An effective means of teaching someone how to be more warm and compassionate is to use reasoning about the value and benefits of compassion, having them reflect on how they feel when someone is kind to them. This can prepare them to be warmer and more compassionate to others.
Item 175 regarding Rainey Street Historic District had been postponed until Aug. 22 #ATXCountil meeting.
Climate change is happening faster than anticipated and doesn't impact everyone equally. That’s why the new #ATXClimateEquityPlan leads with racial equity to address climate change in Austin.⚖️  Give your input on the draft plan’s goals and strategies at  
By Spiderwee on Artstation 
We can do BETTER, #Austin. Slow down, put your phones away, &amp; plan a sober ride home – this #LaborDay and all days. Zero deaths. Zero excuses. Vision Zero. 
(pulls a out a cigarette and a lighter ) Mind if i take a shit
discussing covid challenges with my Jeans strategist
We are trapped in a prison of fonts
(after getting split in half by a 16-inch bullet fired from a boat) waiter theres a fly in my Soup
"Hearts of the East Side" features 11 heart-shaped installations—all designed by local artists—spread across Cesar Chavez St.❤  Join us for art, food, + fun in the East Cesar Chavez District! 📅 Sat. Feb 15 📍 1102 E. Cesar Chavez St ⏰ 11am-2pm  Info:  
What does the City of Austin have to do with your breakfast tacos? #ATXBudget  (2/4)
With the new lower Tesla pricing, it’s like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. Still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
Liquid nitrogen cryogenic strength test underway ☃️ 
my only regret is that i have but one Grid to Go off of
Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power!
If we continue to approach problems from the perspective of temporary expediency, future generations will face tremendous difficulties.
UPDATE: Continue to prevent pets from swimming/drinking in Lady Bird Lake until further notice. We also advise people to limit direct contact w/ the water + algae. @AustinWatershed is testing samples + will have better info about the toxicity levels in the lake later in the week. 
To be aware of a single shortcoming within oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
The remaining items on the consent agenda (1-105 and 172-189) are approved. Follow along with council actions at 
Live: HHDL’s talks and dialogues from Madison, Wisconsin and New Orleans, Louisiana on May 15-18, 2013. 
Model Y, being an SUV, is about 10% bigger than Model 3, so will cost about 10% more &amp; have slightly less range for same battery
Congratulations Tesla team on making our 1,000,000th car!! 
i despise the toilet. id love nothing more than to kick it through the wall and shatter it into 100 shards of wet porcelain. But i need it
"The jeans generation"
Earth floats gently in zero gravity 
Safer Streets: #ATXCouncil voted to establish a maximum speed limit of 25 miles per hour for neighborhood + downtown streets, and 30, 35, or 40 mph limits for most major arterial streets, to improve safety for all travelers. More info:  🚶‍♀️  @austinmobility 
Rococo is alive &amp; living in our hearts
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel 
So great for the World! 
The first Community Police Review Commission meeting will be 10/5 @ 6 p.m. 👮‍♀️👮‍♂️ The meeting will be streamed live on ATXN &amp; open to public comment.   👉View the agenda or to sign up to speak here:  
....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???
📌 Gửi hoặc giao các sáng tạo của quý vị + gia đình quý vị: Ngày 1 tháng 9 – Ngày 1 tháng 11 tại 6800 Burleson Rd. Building 310, Suite 165
Funny how some people will forget to click the like button on my posts but always remember to like posts that say war crimes are good , etc
just jacked off in real life while you were busy downloading hentai of the old woman who lives in a shoe at 56k
guys think if they squat my user name on emerging social media platforms ill give them $1000 for it , instead of just calling them a Bitch
Voter Scam! 
THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
We are also developing Event Reopening Guidelines for the broader event and venue industry in partnership with APH, Austin Convention Center, Austin Center for Events and others. These will include also best practices + new health and safety plan requirements for events. (4/5)
The future is in the hands of those who belong to the 21st century with the opportunity to build a better humanity by training the mind.
in light of the slender man case id like to remind my followers that teens have also attempted murder in the name of digimon otis
some one needs to tell these guys out there flying planes with banners on them that nobody can read their shit
Going Very fucking hard on donald duck today.  Saying i would never want to be him, or be any part of his life.
... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
Love the Reddit comments too
And @JayLeno really knows cars! 
If you restrain from wrong-doing, people will see you as a friend and you’ll be happy. When people are powerful and wealthy, but dishonest, people don’t like them, even if they don’t show it to their faces. If you do good, you’ll have friends and when you’re gone you’ll be missed
ATLANTIC CITY - 9:02am - A second oversized globe has hit the Ripley's Believe it or Not Museum .
We won’t bring about peace in the world merely by praying for it; we have to take steps to tackle the violence and corruption that disrupt peace. We can’t expect change if we don’t take action.
.@COTA ha reabierto como área de descanso para los evacuados del huracán Laura que buscan refugio, se proporcionarán servicios básicos  y la gente pueda esperar mientras identificamos hoteles disponibles.   📌 (1/2) 
The Governor of North Carolina, @RoyCooperNC, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, &amp; JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!
.@NHTSAgov will post final safety probability stats soon. Model 3 has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
A holistic view brings realistic action.
Phishing attacks can happen anytime + anywhere! Here are tips for spotting one: - Offers of rewards, threats, or claims to need help - Asking for personal info - Wants you to download a file or click on a link  👉  #Cybersecurity #NCSAM2020 #DataPrivacy 
Russia has excellent rocket engineering &amp; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great. 
oh? you want me to take the bad santa posters off my car windows? sorry, i forgot that its a fucking fedearal crime to think things are good
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Wednesday 02/26. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWeather 
We need to make an effort to develop our inner values, irrespective of whether we are religious or not.
writing in "god Trumps racism" and walking out of the voting booth high-fiving the Good Cops with a visible load stain on my croch
how do i get one of those stupid ass hyper links under my display name that says im a senator
Open hearts encourage a sense of security and trust that is the basis of genuine friendship, which is to everyone's benefit.
PPE for AFD: #ATXCouncil accepts federal funding for Personal Protective Equipment for @austinfiredept during the #COVID19 pandemic. 
St. John is On: #ATXCouncil initiates rezoning for the St. John Property in NE Austin, to include a mixed-income district with affordable housing that is accessible to current + past residents of the neighborhood, open space, community retail, and support services. 
as a Race-Minded simpsons fan it pains me to declare that korean animators have no right to draw pictures of black people, or vice versa
I was always crazy on Twitter fyi
She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
👉 Visit  to see what’s on the ballot, review voter ID requirements, find your nearest polling place, and if you can’t vote in person – apply for a mail-in ballot. (2/2)  #VoteReady #Vote2020 #Election2020
Please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. It is the only way to maintain public discourse.
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures &amp; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
As human beings we have intelligence and courage. Provided we use these qualities, we will be able to achieve what we set out to do.
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at 2pm
it is nothing short of miraculous that all the rich people on this website are personal friends of mine, and care about me, and know my Pain
Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
El domingo 9/8/2019, el sitio web del City of Austin estará fuera de servicio por mantenimiento de 4 a.m. a 10:30 a.m. Si necesita ayuda, llame al 3-1-1.
Today #ATXCouncil is considering 79 items ranging from homelessness to advocacy services for victims of sexual assault, and a proposal for Austin Public Health Dept to construct, occupy &amp; operate Dove Springs District Health Facility. 👀 View full agenda:  
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety &amp; security, Joe allows CRIME!
Vibbbe 
Your actions impact our community's health and we're at a critical point where @AusPublicHealth officials have evidence of community spread of #COVID19.   Staying home 🏡 can help prevent loved ones and neighbors from getting sick 😷. Please do your part to #FlattenTheCurve. 
That’s the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Harmony among the major faiths has become an essential ingredient of peaceful coexistence in our world.
Watch: HHDL talks about making our lives meaningful during the dialogue at Delhi University on August 10, 2010. 
We got this, Austin.💪Supporting each other even from a distance. Together but apart. #ATXforATX❤️ 
Joy and happiness are mental events and, according to our day to day experience, mental satisfaction is superior to physical pleasure. We need material development, but it’s a mistake to depend on material things alone to find happiness. We also need to be warm-hearted.
To the extent that suffering awakens our empathy and causes us to connect with others, it can serve as the basis of compassion and love.
donalds crime 
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
The live stream of the Special Called #ATXCouncil Joint Meeting with the @CapMetroATX Board of Directors on  is experiencing technical issues.   💻 A video recording of the meeting will be available to watch on the  archive later.
Seems to me that politics is something of a "Double Edge Sword" , that can be used for Good, or, in some cases, Evil.
But, occasionally, the metal version 
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable 2% load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
☝️ If an individual believes the Order is being violated by a business, they can report it directly to Austin 3-1-1.   Austin Code will reach out to the business regarding the complaint with a warning followed by further enforcement for additional offenses. (3/4)
It is possible to use our intelligence and extend our compassion to others, including even our enemies.
GoT season finale leaked 
Khi chúng tôi nhìn vào các thành phố và các bang khác đang trải qua sự lây lan của # COVID19 với tốc độ nhanh hơn, rõ ràng là chúng tôi cần tăng các biện pháp để giữ cho cư dân an toàn và khỏe mạnh.   #ChooseSturdy #FlattenTheCurve
HHDL tells the G7 climate crisis conference we should think of the the whole world as interdependent and of the entire 7 billion human beings as one human community. Global warming is very serious. Many people suffer. We must pay more attention. 
Nanotech is so 2008. Picotech is 1000 times better.
Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible.
.@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Live music coming to you at home!🎸May 6 is @AUStinAirport's #JetStreamFest, featuring performances from local artists on Facebook Live.  🎶#ATXforATX 
stop for a moment and think about the most realistic Vagina youve ever seen in your life...
Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends
The moment you think of others, your mind widens.
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon &amp; Mars!
Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness.
looking at tom dixons mens plum wine cooler 
If you see a loose dog in Austin where they aren’t supposed to be, call 3-1-1 ASAP, and let them know where you saw it. @ATX_311 will contact @AustinAnimals to send staff over there pronto! If you already are a pet owner, please, please microchip them.
Kickoff National #SmallBusinessWeek with @SmallBizAustin presenting Chat With a Dynamic Austin CEO event on May 6 at @AustinPublicLib Central Branch featuring @MyABCAustin @BobbyJenkinsABC &amp; @JenniL_KVUE! Register now at 
HHDL talks about making the most of each new day in this clip from his 76th birthday celebrations on July 6 
Video clip of HHDL speaking to some Vietnamese Buddhists last Sunday on peace of mind from a Buddhist perspective. 
Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us train our minds, overcome our negativities and fulfill our inner potential.
sarcastic wonka thoroughly Titty Fucks the pearl harbor mosque in a series of reasonalbly calm tik tok vids- All while sipping his damn Beer
We need friendship, which depends on trust. And that depends on concern for others, defending their rights, and not doing them harm.
It is my hope that the twenty-first century will be a century when a more caring, responsible, and compassionate humanity will emerge.
i proudly skim the amount of $17.76 off of all my employees paychecks, because they do deserve pain
Every Litter Bit Matters: #ATXCouncil authorizes contract for trash and recycling bins for the greater downtown area. It’s part of a plan to transform Austin’s streets + sidewalks into great public spaces. 
The Age of Napoleon by Will &amp; Ariel Durant is an amazing book
summoning. the bang bus
"posting" is "first responding"
🏠 Los residentes de Austin afectados por #COVID19 y con ingresos bajos pueden ser elegibles para el programa de asistencia Alivio de Necesidades de Emergencia para Inquilinos (RENT).  📝 Solicitudes a partir del 19 de agosto 👉 Más información:  
If the work is worthwhile, then whether we can complete it or not, it's worth making the attempt. That's why courage is important.
Pickup truck will have power outlets allowing use of heavy duty 240V, high power tools in field all day. No generator needed.
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "Stages of the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25. 
Aloha, welcome back from space 💫 
I believe that, fundamentally, human nature is positive, gentle; therefore, the non-violent way is the human way.
Next year’s @Hyperloop competition will be in a 10km vacuum tunnel with a curve
His Holiness the Dalai Lama expresses his sadness over the recent earthquake in Christchurch, New Zeland.
We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
Tesla made 0 cars in 2011, but will make around 500k in 2019
It’s important is to show children affection to give them a sense of security and the ability to be affectionate for the rest of their lives
An open heart is an open mind.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses His Sadness Over the Recent Earthquake and Tsunami in Japan 
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon 
Great book! 
#worldpenguinday please cancel whatever the fuck this is and make a global holiday for oinline content producers with ring worm please.
Today #ATXCouncil will be considering 100 items on issues ranging from temporary employment of the homeless to beverage concession services at Zilker Park and community satisfaction surveys. 👀 View the full agenda: 
We are not doing on demand drive up testing at this point. Currently, you have to be screened + directed there before this kind of testing is recommended.  💁 More information for you + your family can be found at   (5/5)
🎉 It’s here! 🎉  The new Montopolis Recreation &amp; Community Center is complete. The building isn’t open to the public yet, but our video premiere shows what great things await inside.   👉To learn more, visit:  
Curbside collections will not change today. ♻️ Bulk and brush collections remain suspended for the time being + the Recycle &amp; Reuse Drop-off Center remains closed.  View your schedule + get notifications of service changes on the Austin Recycles app:  (2/4)
June 20 #ATCouncil agenda with backup information can be found at 
Thank you! 
Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!
if the pigs decimate my follower count tomorrow–Know this. followers are just a number. devoid of meaning. and they can never take my Likes
View the full Council agenda at  and follow Council actions at    📺 Watch the meeting live at  Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.   👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM 
Today’s meeting of the #ATXCouncil is underway. Follow along on  The Agenda is located here: 
....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then &amp; there!
extracting rare metals from my jeans
As we look at other cities + states experiencing the spread of #COVID19 at a faster pace, it is evident we need to increase measures to keep residents safe + healthy. We are not acting on panic or fear but strategic planning + prevention. (1/2)  #ChooseStrength #FlattenTheCurve 
Webcast: Long Life Offering to His Holiness the Dalai Lama 
8-bit floating point?
Tunnels
Request-a Fiesta: #ATXCouncil approves funding for design improvements to the downtown Fiesta Gardens Complex. Improvements will focus on restoration, historical preservation and greater accessibility. 
Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks 
I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”.
HHDL's Opinion for the New York Times - "Our Future is Very Much in Our Hands" 
i was about to invent a joke about how people Stay using their car horns too much, but then i remembered that COMEDY DIED , due to HATERS !!
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles 
banking on becoming one of those guys that consistently sucks so much ass tthat people arent allowed to own me anymore because its boring
Happy Sunday! We want GOD!  
when the earths Magnetic Poles flip and everyone suddenly stops thinking script format posts are good &lt;&lt;&lt; (whichever directions the bad one)
Minecraft has amazing legs
You don’t hear much about element 43
At @SpaceX Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine 
Inner peace, which is the principal characteristic of happiness, and anger cannot coexist without undermining one another.
The more we are concerned for the well-being of others, the closer we will feel to each other.
rotating inside of a porto potty at least 4 times looking for the sink
Also, you’ll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they don’t!
Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!
Fidgett spinners are making people dumb assed .
where are my damn freaks.. where`s my nasty Posters. where are my fuckin doofuses
LIAR!!! 
It needed to be made real 
floating in my above ground pool nude from the waist down wearing a shirt that says some shit like "i find your lack of wifi disturbing"
The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!
.@defcon. hqr sz wut.
Rocket fairing returning from space 
Live webcasts: HHDL's public talk, discussion and press conference from Prague, Czech Republic, on December 11-12. 
Helping House the Homeless: #ATXCouncil authorizes extra funding for The Salvation Army to expand homeless services at its Downtown Shelter and one-time funding of up to $1 million for its new 212-bed Rathgeber Center in East Austin for individuals and families with children.
the show wife Swap but for gaming set ups
...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &amp; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW &amp; ORDER! 
(3/3) This morning @AusPublicHealth Interim Health Authority Dr. Mark Escott, @MayorAdler, + @JudgeEckhardt provided an update on #COVID19. They discussed actions already taken + the ongoing work to ensure the health + safety of the community.  Watch here:  
...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!
The City Order also states schools that offer instruction to students in one or more grades, pre-K through grade 12, must follow the phased-in approach unless it will result in a loss of funding from the TEA. 🏫   (5/5)
Rainey Day Fund: #ATXCouncil creates a Special Revenue Fund to direct fees from developments in the Rainey Street Historic District towards improvements in the area, including those that celebrate its Mexican American identity, heritage, and history.  📷: Geoff Duncan 
When space travel becomes as common as air travel, the future of civilization will be assured
The Great Pyramid was the tallest structure made by humans for 3800 years. Three thousand, eight hundred years.  
the news is my Life and my world.  thank you sir @walter cronkite
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
The more adept we are in cultivating altruism, the happier we will be and the better the atmosphere we will create around us.
The Austin Municipal Court downtown will be closed today due to a burst pipe in the building. Staff are currently assessing the situation and more information will be posted on the court's website once it becomes available. --
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
.@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
The draft Land Development Code and Map are here!  👀  Austinites are invited to learn more and participate in public events over the next few months before any Code revisions are adopted. 
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
posting my 680 credit score durihg peak girl hours
Watch Ann Curry's interview of HHDL on NBC's The Today Show broadcast May 20th, 2010. 
Now give people back their FREEDOM
I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA
“We're going to come out with guidance in our city for the things that we need to do in Austin to keep our community safe… At the end of the day, as a community, both individually and then collectively, we decide what is the appropriate conduct in our city.” — @MayorAdler
fuck sars
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!
Oh stop teasing, Jeff 😉 
Anyone think they can get a good multiplayer Minecraft working on Teslas? Or maybe create a game that interacts virtually with reality like Pokémon Go while driving safely? Like a complex version of Pac-man or Mario Kart?
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley.
The basic foundation of humanity is compassion and love. This is why, if even a few individuals simply try to create mental peace and happiness within themselves and act responsibly and kind-heartedly towards others, they will have a positive influence in their community.
thinking of that 9/11 thread on the pokemon board i used to post on where the Admin said "Welcome to World War 3" &amp; everyone shit them selves
Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...  “Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
This is way more awesome than it might sound 
You don’t have a soul, you are a soul
There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!
True! 
#foundMedia #ReallyGood 
...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Our main engineering locations are Palo Alto, Austin &amp; Seattle, but working remotely is acceptable for exceptional candidates
The value of compassion and forgiveness is not confined to matters of religion. These are human values that we shouldn’t neglect.
The Willie Mae Kirk Branch Library in East Austin is closed Friday, June 14 for unscheduled maintenance.  @AustinPublicLib 
It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE!  
Check out this week’s CityView At Home! 😷#COVID19 precautions 💧Blue-green algae information 👕Free clothing + housewares pickup ✊The recent "Stay Black and Live" Juneteenth Celebration 🎇Tips for a safe 4th of July holiday  ➡️ Watch the full episode at:  
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
look at all these pitiful toads shamelessly seeking validation, unlike me, seeking validation in a cool, disaffected sort of way
Earlier this month @AustinFC broke ground at its new stadium site in North Austin. They even installed a nifty construction cam so you can follow its progress:  #AustinFC #GrowTheLegend 
Partial list of hospitals to which Tesla sent ventilators 
asking the baja fresh cashier to detain the teenagers in the parking lot who told me i loooked like "Frosty the snowmans uncle"
Watch @MayorAdler give his State of the City address here 
I am a business magnet
#BeatTheHeat and be #HeatAware today, folks! 🥵 A heat advisory is in effect. 
Live: There will be live webcasts of HHDL’s teachings and talks during his visit to Switzerland on April 13-16. 
To have true friends and be loved by them, we must in turn feel love and sympathy for others.
Changing the world is up to us. If each of us tries, the next generation may see a happier, more peaceful world emerge.
Tesla Bioweapon Defense Mode 
leave your DRAMA at the door, or i will SHIT myself !!!!
Its 2019 and  It `s only 12 pm
View the full #ATXCouncil agenda at   📺 Watch the meeting live at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM. 
Since we are increasingly interdependent it's time to develop a sense of global responsibility, to help each other and promote human values.
Its time to open the dialouge, on the Mens penis.
Link to a clip from Larry King's Interview 
How we view human nature can mean the difference between living in a world filled with people who are perceived as hostile, violent and dangerous, or as essentially kind, helpful and gentle. A deep awareness of the essential goodness of human beings can give us courage and hope.
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
Although it was in the precambrian era
Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! 
It’s quite right that students and today's younger generation should have serious concerns about the climate crisis and its effect on the environment. They are being very realistic about the future. They see we need to listen to scientists. We should encourage them.
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
the coolest thing the police ever did was invent their own flag thats just a desecrated version of the american flag
smol ∩ puppy ∩ math 
Only a matter of time 
#RespectThePolice alright done. what should I respect next.  bugs?  urine? im taking requests
Boring Company completes 2nd Vegas tunnel 
...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again! 
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
lord knows i help my self from time to time...
Meet Anna.  Anna is one of Austin’s most popular influencers.  But there’s something about her many people don’t know.   Anna is a poop offender.  💩🐩💩 🌳💩🐶💩🐾💩🌳  Leave No Trace. Help keep our trails beautiful + safe. Become a Bark Ranger today!  
Además, se prohíben las reuniones de 10 personas o más en una sola habitación o cualquier otra área encerrada, ya sea fuera o dentro. Establecimientos críticos como escuelas o universidades, supermercados y farmacias, y establecimientos médicos están exentos de las órdenes. (3/7)
Archbishop Desmond Tutu challenges the world to forgive. Join the #ForgivenessChallenge. 
Live: HHDL in Minnesota, USA. Press conference, Tibetan audience and dialogue May 7. Teaching and talk May 8. 
Tesla batteries are currently live &amp; delivering power at 662 locations in Puerto Rico. Team is working 24/7 to activate several hundred more. 
Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
Let's play, Austin! @AustinCityParks has a variety of online recreation &amp; cultural experiences for us to do at home. Free &amp; fun activities include:  🧘🏽‍Exercises for all ages 🖼️ Virtual exhibits  🖍️ Arts &amp; crafts  🍳 + much more!   ➡ More info:  #ATXforATX 
The results of our 2019 Community Survey are out!   In a poll of residents, 70% gave positive ratings for Austin as a place to live and 60% were satisfied with the overall quality of City services.  We'll use the data to help us improve.👍  Info:  
👩‍🍳 Many restaurants have made adjustments to help stop the spread of #COVID19. If you want to support local eateries, you can see a list of restaurants serving takeout:   Restaurants with questions regarding COVID-19 can now call 512-978-HART. #ATXforATX 
If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty! 
New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
On a wall in Austin 
Will still transport cars, but only after all personalized mass transit needs are met. It’s a matter of courtesy &amp; fairness. If someone can’t afford a car, they should go first.
...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!
To really be of help to others we need to be guided by compassion.
Like thug, but rural
Driving a Model 3 and playing 
Austinites are feeling the financial impacts of this pandemic. The City of Austin is working with community agencies to provide funding and information to help eligible renters and homeowners. Go to  
I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
Join us this #PublicServiceRecognitionWeek as we recognize our City depts. for their invaluable work serving the #ATX community's... 👩‍⚕️Health + the Environment🍃 🚴Mobility 🙏Culture + Lifelong Learning ✅Economic Opportunity + Affordability 🦺Safety 💗Gov. that Works for All 
Thank you so much! 
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” - Nelson Mandela   Best of luck to all #Austin students starting/returning to school! Remember -learn a lot, meet new people, &amp; take care of yourself. ❤️📚 #BackToSchool   📷: Austin History Center 
WOW! 
My Mom wrote a book ♥️  
This Nov. 3 election, voters will be asked to consider initial funding for high-capacity transit system Project Connect.  Prop A would dedicate taxes to a new rail + bus transit service, park + rides, downtown transit tunnel + neighborhood circulators.  👉 
Wheel-y exciting: #ATXCouncil approves contract for annual supply of mountain bikes to @Austin_Police. 🚴‍♂️ 🚔 APD officers with the Downtown Area Command Unit use the bikes 24/7 to patrol residential and business areas downtown. 
Round of ap-paws!  #ATXCouncil approved a resolution reaffirming the Council's commitment to Austin's No Kill animal-sheltering policy and supporting Austin Animal Center's goal of a 95% or greater live-release rate. 
#SpreadKindnessNotCOVID this fall by making cards, letters, and drawings for older adults in our community’s long-term care facilities. 💕✉️🎨  📌 Mail or drop off your + your family’s creations: Sept. 1 – Nov. 1, 6800 Burleson Rd. Building 310, Suite 165 
studies show that 5% of all the food that content creators consume is waiter spit
🚇 Planning and Zoning Dept. (@ImagineAustin) employees Jeff Engstrom + Rachel Tepper #WorkFromHome gathering data related to access + opportunity along @CapMetroATX’s proposed Project Connect all-electric, zero-emission transit routes. #PSRW 
Austin cold weather shelters have been activated for tonight, Thursday 02/20. Single adult men or women needing shelter should report to ARCH by 5:15PM. Families in need report to the Salvation Army by 7PM. For more info call the shelter hotline at 512-305-4233. #ATXWeather 
Interesting that some people care enough about my posts to look at them and read them. Says a lot about you Dick head
.@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov
This Saturday, Oct. 26 is the #RootsandWings Festival at @zilkergarden! Join this community-wide celebration of #ArborDay + #MonarchAppreciationDay.  🦋 Get up close w/ monarchs   🌳 Climb trees w/ City arborists  🖌️ Plus nature crafts, giveaways, + more!   
Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!
Some Tesla news
Today is #AmericaRecyclesDay! ♻️  #DYK plastics recycled in Austin get turned into new things like bottles and containers, clothing, carpeting, flooring, flower pots, buckets, bicycle racks and auto parts?    💚 Learn more about recycling #AustinPlastic:  
The 20th &amp; final Dragon 1 mission is complete 
budweiser queerspace
this feed is protected by grandma
Happy Easter! Follow the 🐇
Watch HHDL live from the University of Arkansas, USA, on May 11 at  9:30am and at 1:30pm CDT. 
Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
Rigged Election! 
➡️Watch the full CityView episode here: 
First 1000 Boring Company Flamethrowers being picked up today! 
Upcoming Falcon Heavy 🚀 &amp; 🛰 details 
While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind. What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear. Kindness counters this—and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions.
It’s still fine to leave your home to buy groceries, go for a run, walk the dog, pick up medicine, visit a doctor or travel to and from work (if designated as an essential business).
Peace of mind, a calm state of mind, is rooted in affection and compassion.
Compassion instills a sense of calm, inner strength, and a deep confidence and satisfaction.
using mindfulness. to waste my enemies
🗳️ Tune in for a forum with those who are running for #ATXCouncil seats this November. Candidates for District 10 will speak at 6pm tonight.  💻 📺Cable TV ch. 6 or AT&amp;T U-Verse ch. 99 📻KAZI FM 88.7 📞Call 855-756-7520 📌 
Regarding other human beings as our brothers and sisters can make our lives happier and more meaningful. Some people think that when we cultivate compassion and affection for others only they benefit—in fact, we ourselves derive great benefit and satisfaction from such conduct
Dragon docks with @Space_Station in ~3 hours 
Snowing in Texas 
We’re using #data to build a gov that #Austin residents can count on, and we’re excited to share that @WhatWorksCities has recognized us as one of the cities on the 2020 Honor Roll. #CitiesWinWithData  👉 Learn more:  
We all must seek and work for a world without nuclear weapons.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions, and he reads them an answer! 
Is Space Jam good?
Will send some to the Shortseller Enrichment Commission to comfort them through these difficult times
SEC, three letter acronym, middle word is Elon’s
Maybe worth considering chloroquine for C19 
Austin人切身感受到了这场疫情带来的经济影响。Austin市政府正在与社区机构通力合作，以提供资金和信息，帮助符合条件的租客和房东。前往 
Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &amp; Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!
....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!
SN4 🔥 soon. Raptor looks so smōl. 
whatre you gonna do with all that baumit..gim me some of that baumit come on man 
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly.  To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor and Council Members participating remotely. 
imagining a real dumb lump of shit guy, like 55 years old, reading some article aobut jada pinkett smith in his squalid office and smiling
Turn Around—Don’t Drown. Check real-time map of flooded road closures at  #atxfloods
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars 
It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty.
Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
i🖤anime
That said, danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. If we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses. Track graph at bottom of this page: 
When we are open to others and ready to show them our friendship and affection, this immediately creates a good environment.
with the engagement numbers yiou people are giving me some times i think id may be better off changing my name to "Mr Go Fuck Myself"
You are human beings, I'm a human being; you want a happy life, and I want a happy life. But I think that aim will not be fulfilled only on the basis of material values; what we all want is affection and what we all need is to be more warm-hearted.
laughing all the way to the bank, but only because the guy walking in front of me is wearing a twisted t-shirt............
Fairing chute control &amp; ship control are closing the loop locally. Both operating on (SpaceX) autopilot.
We had a rainy winter but know things WILL dry out and the wildfire threat WILL go up as we heat up. Learn more at @WildfireDiv's 7th Annual Community Wildfire Preparedness Symposium on May 3rd. Free admission, limited seating. Register now:  
Live Webcasts: HHDL's Kalachakra teachings from Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 3-13. 
Stay weather aware + make sure you plan to get home safely before the storms arrive between 4-6pm! 🚙Leave work early/stay off roads 🏠Remain indoors - Bring plants + pets inside 🚨Call 311 to report any damage + 911 for emergencies 📱 Monitor local news for updates  #ATXWeather 
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share.
my dick's like the size of a toilet
Just as we encourage physical hygiene to preserve our health, we also need a sense of emotional or mental hygiene too.
people are not ready to hear it . but. simply the most persecuted skin color of all time, is " NUDE "
alcohol is a drug, beer is alcohol, and drugs are a form of beer
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah &amp; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy &amp; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Florida - 23 February 2010 
❗ #HurricaneLaura Evacuees: Please do not to leave your shelter without first registering your entire family with hotel staff, government, or a Red Cross official.  📲 Text “ATXShelter” to 888-777 for updates. (1/2) 
To the moon and back 🚀...50 years ago today, the #Apollo11 launched for the moon! There have been 23 astronauts born in Texas, and two of them are native Austinites: Kenneth “Taco” Cockrell &amp; Tim Kopra (pictured below on the @Space_Station). Congrats @NASA! 🥳 #Apollo50th 
As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
Cool Model 3 review by @iamjamiefoxx 
Happy Home Planet Day!
يُرجى الاستمرار في ممارسة النظافة الصحية الجيدة والحفاظ على المباعدة الاجتماعية، وتذكّر أن التضامن هو المفتاح للحفاظ على تماسك المجتمع.   المباعدة الاجتماعية لا تعني العزلة الاجتماعية. ابق على اتصال بعائلتك وأصدقائك وجيرانك. 📲 (5/5)
Deep down we must have a real affection for each other, a clear recognition of our shared status as human beings.
In our modern society everything seems geared to material development, even our systems of education. As a result we no longer pay sufficient attention to our inner values, which leads to mental unrest. In order to address this imbalance we need to pay more attention to our minds
rhinestone cowboy 2: titanium cowboy
Celebrating Life: #ATXCouncil has backed moves to rename a portion of State Loop 111 after East Austin's Richard Overton, who at 112 became the oldest living man in the U.S. and the oldest living veteran. He enjoyed ice cream, cigars &amp; whiskey.  📷:  
Everyone can understand from natural experience and common sense that affection is crucial from the day of birth; it is the basis of life.
"Sucked Behind Bars" "George H.w. bush bimbofied me and sucked off me"  "Snowman fucked me" "Locker Room Fucked by snow man"
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from @RickandMorty
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov 1 for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at 
Live: HHDL in Toronto, Mind Training teaching & Long Life Empowerment/Ceremony October 24, 9am-4pm. 
Peace in the world relies on individuals finding inner peace.
Slowing the Spread: #ATXCouncil ratified the purchase + use of a North Austin hotel as a #COVID19 Protective Lodging Facility for individuals who are unable to quarantine and for those experiencing homelessness who are in need of sanitary shelter + support services.
#DYK Austin-Travis County offers #COVID19 information online in American Sign Language to ensure all residents have equal access to important health + safety information.   👉 View the ASL videos: 
Just because you don’t have #COVID19 symptoms does not mean you don't have the virus or can't transmit it to others.   Assume you are infected and change your behavior to avoid transmitting. Please, #StayAtHomeATX and your part to #SlowTheSpread.  📌  
First flight is to 15km or ~50,000 ft
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05 
Great going to a very talented group! 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor and Council Members participating remotely. 
📢 @AustinMobility is offering FREE @AustinBcycle passes to anyone making essential trips during #StayAtHomeATX.   🚲 When biking to essential activities, maintain 6+ feet from others and wash your hands after each trip. 🚿   Redeem a free pass 👉  
...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!
A calm mind helps our human intelligence to assess the situation realistically.
#DYK the Zilker Holiday Tree is decorated with 39 strings that each have 81 red, yellow, green, + blue bulbs? (That's over 3,000 lights!)  Don't miss the 53rd annual Tree Lighting Ceremony tonight at 5:30 p.m. in Zilker Park!🎄😍 Visiting info:  
If you have a sincere and open heart, you naturally feel self-worth and confidence, and there is no need to be fearful of others.
Everyone wants to lead a peaceful, happy life, but happiness and success aren’t measured by how much money you have, but by whether you have inner peace in your heart.
Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
Open the Knaack HAL 
If you develop a pure and sincere motivation, if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion, and respect, then you can carry on any kind of work, in any field, and function more effectively.
All good qualities must be sown and cultivated. We can’t expect to change overnight from an ordinary person into one with high realizations.
No matter what our motivation may be, if we are not realistic we will not fulfil our goal.
You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
Whether we are happy or not depends on our attitude; compassion, for instance, leads to a calmer mind.
might fuck around and post "The Masked Shitter" , as a sort of commentary on a certain tv show with a similar name
New York Times Op Ed "Many Faiths, One Truth" by HHDL published May 25th, 2010. 
down load the brexit app today muy lord
The nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.
A meaningful life isn't about acquiring money and other facilities; it’s about dedicating your life to helping others as much as you can.
my dick is stupid in how fat it is and it flops around like a piece of shit and looks like a beanie baby
- the Deterioration of my Balls -
the road is a battle field, all the other cars are your enemies, and not using turn signals gives you an Advantage against then
Leaving the group chat so I can focus on my responsibilities as a Shark Tank subbreddit moderator .
Friendship depends on trust and trust grows when we live our lives honestly and sincerely, cultivating respect and concern for others.
Today @LifeWorksAustin celebrated the grand opening of The Works II—a new 29-unit affordable housing community in east #ATX for youth + young families exiting from homelessness. 👏   Learn more about Lifeworks:  
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!
Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!
boycott digimon otis. hes not even that funny
🗓 City Council District 5 is hosting a community conversation to discuss public safety reform in Austin next Wednesday, October 21 at 5:30 pm.     👉Sign up here to participate:  
Moral ethics are the basis of world peace.
Would be terrible for our Country! 
#ATXCouncil approved recommendations for immediate &amp; short-term actions to engage &amp; assist individuals experiencing homelessness (184); &amp; approved changes in City Ordinances relating to homelessness, camping in public areas, aggressive confrontations &amp; obstruction (185).
Peace in the world depends on our relating to each other with compassion.
Live webcast of Long Life Prayer for HHDL April 27th at 8:30am IST (GMT+5.30). 
True, cost of operating a Tesla is much lower than other cars 
Compassion should be unbiased, based on a recognition that others have a right to happiness, just as you do.
Whoa … the stock is so high lol
All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!
Be a kind and compassionate person. This is the inner beauty that is a key factor to making a better world.
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome &amp; safest place to be in an earthquake 
Welcome to #ATX, you'll find we're dog-gone friendly here 🐶😍 
Photos of HHDL's visit to the remote Himalayan region of Paddar in Jammu & Kashmir, India, on June 5th, 2010. 
the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.  i repeat, the bobs big boy milkshake mix up has become Racial.
We need to consider how our actions affect wildlife and the environment, and how they are likely to affect others.
Compassion and love constitute non-violence in action.
there is too much of Lies...
Non-violence is when one has the chance to harm another but resists from doing so, this is genuine non-violence.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen &amp; particulate of almost any kind 
Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
#DYK The @AustinAuditor has been hosting virtual engagement opportunities for people to interact with staff and learn more about the #RedistrictATX process + opportunities.   👉 View their event schedule:   👉 Engage anytime:  
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by SolarGlass engineering, Giga NY factory &amp; Tesla installation teams!
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself &amp; zero paperwork.
having my druthers— and eating them too
Some people consider the practice of love and compassion is only related to religious practice and if they are not interested in religion they neglect these inner values. But love and compassion are qualities that human beings require just to live together.
To make this a century of dialogue we need to find ways to promote a greater awareness of the oneness of humanity.
Genuine friendship depends on genuine affection and taking a sense of responsibility for each other.
Determination, courage, self-confidence lead to success, but we should always remain humble, modest and unpretentious.
rats dont have pussys
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! 
Una alerta de inundación repentina está en efecto para el área de Austin/condado de Travis hasta las 5 p.m. #atxwx 
Of course I still love you 
The point of our existence is that, as human beings, we live purposeful, meaningful lives.
starting an NRA for Turner classic movies
When we ignore the question of the impact our actions have on others' well-being, inevitably we end up hurting them.
In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children &amp; families. May cut off funding if not open!
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A &amp; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations 
dont even think about serving me food from taco bell that isnt served to me Méxicano Style
We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and we’ll do it again! 
Ready to claim your Net Zero Hero Level 2 badge?* Compost at home, use less water, choose a greener car, replace your light bulbs with LEDs. (Difficulty: Intermediate). *Not a real badge #EarthDay  
From 5 to 7 a.m. Wednesday (11/6), our website ( may be down to allow for some scheduled maintenance. If you need help during that time, please call 3-1-1. 
juts donated $300000 to a lobbying firm whose main thing is letting people drive cars at the age of 6
However, we won’t customize the contract or engage in negotiations. That just causes the Tesla &amp; customer legal bill to be high &amp; drag things out. Pay for clean power, not lawyers! It makes way more sense.
....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!
Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
Attention, #ATX: Today’s Ozone Action Day advisory has been extended through tomorrow (7/26) as well. #BeAirAware and safe out there! 
Genuine friends come only on the basis of warm-heartedness.
Mars is my souldog
Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!
Video of HHDL's visit to Ishinomaki, Japan, on November 5th to meet and speak with survivors of last March's tsunami. 
Supporting the Arts: #ATXCouncil supports the Dougherty Arts Center redevelopment at Butler Shores Park. #FunFact: In 2017, the DAC welcomed 66,000 visitors, hosted 596 programs and provided opportunities for nearly 5,000 artists! 
The message of love and compassion will travel far and wide if all who follow a spiritual path work together in harmony and mutual respect.
“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!
Hydroxychloroquine probably better  
feeling my IQ increase by one point for each dollar that i send to the "Shit Head" New York times , Greatest news paper in history
First in a series conceived by HHDL, ”Science and Philosophy in the Indian Buddhist Classics, Vol. 1: The Physical World", that brings together classical Buddhist explorations of the nature of our material world and the human mind and puts them into context for the modern reader. 
Legally required officers of a corporation are president, treasurer &amp; secretary. Guess I have to keep 1st one or it will confuse the authorities.
We want to invest in what is most important to you. 👏  Now through May 31, tell us your priorities for the City budget by taking a survey today at    #ATXBudget 
¿Qué tiene que ver el Presupuesto de la Ciudad de Austin con la forma en que usted se desplaza por la ciudad, sus eventos favoritos y aprender reanimación cardiopulmonar? Vea el video y llene nuestra encuesta rápida sobre sus Prioridades @  
Beautiful solar sail 
The Reimagining Public Safety October report is now available!   Highlights include continuing community engagement,  updates on the Public Safety Task Force, and further progress on key #ATXCouncil resolutions related to policing reform.   📄 Full report:  
cave man: ou ou ou,. keep net neautral so me can download Porno Monopoly guy: why not jack off to a Turner Classic Movie instead
holy gravy holy meat  holy moly let us eat 
Almost three now. Boca team is crushing it! Starship has giant dome 🤣🤣 
There are now 420 operational Starlink satellites 🛰 😉
Heads up as we're about to head into the weekend, #ATX. Major delays on I-35 start Friday night #KnowBeforeYouGo #ATXTraffic 
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
One of the most effective ways to overcome anxiety is to try to shift the focus of attention away from self and toward others.
We have to cultivate a vision of a happier, more peaceful future and make the effort now to bring it about.
Go team! 🏆🤠 #ATX 
We’re highlighting the community's efforts to unite, support, and keep one another safe during this difficult time. ❤️ How are you caring for and connecting with your family, friends, + neighbors?  Share your stories:   #ATXforATX 
Live Webcast: "Contemplative Practice &amp; Health" with HHDL from New York City starting at 9am to 3:30pm EDT October 20. 
Check out this thread with #Coronavirus updates 👇 
ME: What do you mean the plane departed. The clock says its only 8:25. TICKET AGENT: Sir Thats a clock ME: I know
the face i make WHen 
Today, on the occasion of his 70th birthday, His Holiness the Dalai Lama has written to PM Narendra Modi wishing him many happy returns of the day, praying for his continued good health and praising the age-old Indian practices of ahimsa and karuna. 
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
Round of appaws for @Austin_Police Officer Dan Eveleth’s 23 years of service + his patrol K-9 ‘Bear’.👏🐾 As partners in crime prevention these two were responsible for 125 criminal arrests and are retiring together today! 👮‍♂️🐕 
Love and affection are important if we are to live a happy life.
We all need basic human values rooted in trust and affection.
In his new book, "The Seed of Compassion", His Holiness the Dalai Lama addresses children directly, sharing lessons of peace and compassion, told through stories of his own childhood. 
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!
LOOKS TO ME LIKE nobody cares what a crumpled up shit head like me has to say.  this garbled crap eater...  this Cocksuckered old dog......
When working on construction job sites, keep practicing proper hygiene and follow these guidelines to keep yourself and everyone safe. To report noncompliance, contact Austin 3-1-1 by phone or mobile app. 
Being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
i will never use the word "Doubloon" to describe a coin
Will build batteries, powertrains &amp; vehicles, starting with Model Y
Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?
We need to pay more attention to the inner values that are the key to our happiness.
😅 thank goodness it’s not November 
Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality. It’s about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves ‘Why do I feel angry?’ and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warm-heartedness.
Leaving aside the perspective of spiritual practice, even in worldly terms, in terms of our enjoying a happy day-to-day existence, the calmer our minds are, the greater our peace of mind will be and the greater will be our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Its not even a popular toy anymore
So underappreciated
Please ignore this thread unless you’re interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!
Các cư dân Austin đang cảm nhận được tác động tài chính của đại dịch này. Thành Phố Austin đang làm việc với các cơ quan cộng đồng nhằm cung cấp vốn và thông tin để giúp những người thuê nhà và chủ sở hữu nhà đủ điều kiện. Đi đến  
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps &amp; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages &amp; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading &amp; real estate apps.
Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!
Base Model 3 available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia 6 to 8 months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes &amp; import duties mean price may be 25% or more above US number.
#donotpanic
pouring a beer into another beer because i once read of the concept of "Mixing Drinks" from a James Bond novel
The Fact Remains That Your A Guy From Reddit, And Im A Guy Who Posts On A Website Thats Somewhat More Prestigious Than Reddit
Algunos negocios esenciales: 🏪 Supermercados y bodegas 🏥 Servicios de salud 🥄Comida/bebidas para llevar ⛽ Gasolineras y talleres de mecánicos 🏦 Bancos/instituciones financieras 🛠️ Servicios de mantenimiento 🏢 Servicios sociales para la población vulnerable (4/5)
really good place to leave a new toilet 
Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
This #VeteransDay, we thank and honor all who have served in our nation's military.❤️🤍💙  For City closures, see  
Thank you! 
Preliminary #COVID19 modeling data released by @UTAustin + Travis County public health officials shows how diligent social distancing + healthcare resources are linked. 👉 News release:  ➡️More info: 
Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!
#EndGunViolence: In response to the epidemic of gun deaths in the U.S., #ATXCouncil establishes an 8-month Task Force on Gun Violence to advise on actions it can take on a local level to make our communities safer and more resilient. 
Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on the 52nd Anniversary of the Tibetan National Uprising Day 
dragging my Pitty's and my Rotty's around in a stage coach . 11 pea brained loud mouths thrashing around for treats
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model 3 production end of year &amp; reach high volume production next year
My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, “Liberal Privilege”, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity
Today’s #ATXBudget adoption reading will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will primarily be held online with Mayor and #ATXCouncil members participating remotely, and public speakers both remote and at the Palmer Events Center. 
This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis &amp; Iron O Range! 
Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night, as usual! 
HHDL at the opening of the new hostel for disadvantaged children near Dharamsala, India, on November 19th, 2011.   
.@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
When we reach beyond the confines of narrow self-interest, our hearts become filled with strength.
if your car is this.  Fuck yourself 
Donwnloadable Content (DLC) and Microtransactions is Protected Free Speech.  (USER HAS BEEN BANNED FOR THIS POST)
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
im a Diplomat's Nephew and im tired of pretending um not one
That’s exactly it. You’re no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day. 
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
every person on your "Who to follow" list writes articles called "No more Mr Family Guy" because peter griffin showed his penis or something
im tired of everyone saying that pinocchio turning into a real boy was a good thing.  it was a demons trick
Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!
mastering Life calmness in the face of being called a dip shit
Actions driven solely by anger are of no use at all; realizing this can help strengthen your determination to resist it.
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
geting AssBlasted for sharing my normal man's perspective, in a world . being fucked hardcore, by goblins, for liking Due Process
Through thoughtful contemplation, coming to appreciate compassion and love, our mental attitudes can gradually change.
submitting my email address and clicking "yes" on massive amounts of promotional offers while choking myself
Fair Access to Food: #ATXCouncil ratified a deal with @SFClocal to establish up to 10 food sites at restaurants in neighborhoods facing multiple barriers to food access during #COVID19. 3/11
getting my Dick finagled , by my tantric wifebride, in my chamber's
In human relations, compassion contributes to promoting peace and harmony.
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
In 2019 we celebrated our 180th birthday🎂 and built a solid foundation for another decade of success that will benefit every resident. Because of our community’s passion + commitment to improve, we'll have even more to be proud of in the years ahead.  🙌 
Live: HHDL teaches on Shantideva's "A Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life" from Dharamsala, India, September 4-6 
Now on launch stand 
Made on Earth by humans
Even for people who have no spiritual beliefs, a peaceful mind is important.
Boating may continue, but we advise you to not touch algae directly. If you fall into the water, get out as soon as possible + rinse off. (2/2)
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
' george bush master of porno '
#ATXCouncil approved contract negotiations with Pecan Grove Golf Partners to manage and operate the Butler Pitch and Putt golf course for up to 20 years. More info:  
Live: HHDL from the Environmental Summit in Portland &amp; the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, USA, on May 9-11. 
HHDL holds his Doctor of Humane Letters honorary degree presented by Southern Methodist University on May 9, 2011  
Manténgase informado y sano. Está bien tomar descansos de ver las noticias ocasionalmente.  (1/2) 
im the one guy on earth who thought it was cool that google glass would allow you to look at your dick and make it shrink/change colors
Starship SN4 passed static fire
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends
Back by popular demand! Additional 1:1 appointments to deep-dive the Land Development Code Revision with staff are now available throughout November 👥  📅 Sign-up for Office Hours at:  
When you are warm-hearted, there is no room for anger, jealousy or insecurity.
HHDL recalls his mother's affection in this clip from his talk the University of Minnesota in 2011. 
Press any key to continue 
In our education system, we need to include lessons, like those concerning physical hygiene, that focus on mental and emotional hygiene, that teach how to develop a healthy mind. This is the core of what I call secular ethics.
Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000  via @BreitbartNews Great!
Reflect on the value of inner versus outer wealth; in our world, there is a new awareness of our inner life and its worth.
We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)...
🤦‍♂️  But also ...🙋‍♀️  Waived adoption fees @austinanimals through Sunday? Scary good deal!😻 #HappyHalloween2019 #HappyHowloween 
Short video clip of HHDL being welcomed on his arrival in Hawaii on April 13th. 
Today's (online) meeting of #ATXCouncil will begin shortly, starting with speakers on the maximum tax rate followed later by zoning items and public input on the FY 2020-21 Proposed #ATXBudget. View the agenda at  + watch live at  
Touched by an 😇 
Excited for @boringcompany partnership with LA Metro 
Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!
#TrumpColluded with my freaking nut sack . print this you cowards
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch! 
The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They “punted”, much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s.....
Even small acts of compassion bring meaning and purpose to our lives.
just thought of a new guy. "The Guy who writes down the make and model of a car he saw in a car commercial, for future reference"
STOP THROWING SCOOTERS IN THE LAKE: #ATXCouncil backs immediate action to tackle the ecological threat of littering + hazardous dumping of trash and electric scooters into Austin’s waterways. More info:  
200k/yr media job where we all wear sweater vests, kiss each other &amp; try to convince people biden is technically a "Molester" not a "Rapist"
i love shit that has a "sense of humor "
running some scams out of my scam tent
Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
Raptor engine just reached 330 bar chamber pressure without exploding! 
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
Dune. The spice must flow. 
my followers are STUPID as FUCK !!! they are all on CRANK !!!  they hate ALL my shit!!!
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!
my followers know im the go-to Bitch when it comes to interior wood paneling, so if i say its a "no buy", the shit has become seirious
Money and power attract friends. But it’s not you they’re friends with — just your money and power. Only affection brings genuine friends.
Quận AustinTravis sẽ đóng cửa các quán ba + đình chỉ dịch vụ tại các nhà hàng trong vòng 6 tuần theo các Mệnh Lệnh mới nhằm giảm sự lan truyền cua COVID-19. Các Mệnh Lệnh này sẽ có hiệu lực vào trưa hôm nay, ngày 17 tháng Ba cho đến ít nhất ngày 1 tháng Năm.
Một số cơ sở thiết yếu bao gồm: • Cửa hàng tạp hóa • Dịch vụ chăm sóc sức khỏe • Dịch vụ ăn uống • Trạm xăng + sửa chữa ô tô • Ngân hàng / tổ chức tài chính • Dịch vụ bảo trì • Dịch vụ xã hội cho dân số dễ bị tổn thương (5/6)
Tibet's ecology needs protecting, not just for Tibetans, but for the health and sustainability of the entire world 
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth. 
Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!
#ATXCouncil is about to start the process of adopting a City of Austin Budget for fiscal year 2019-2020. This could take between one and three days. Watch ALL of the action live at  View a summary of the Proposed Budget at  
Live: HHDL talks with neuroscientist Prof R Davidson on Investigating Healthy Minds in Madison on May 16th, 2:15 CDT 
#HappyMothersDay! Please continue physical distancing + staying home to stay healthy + safe for the ones we love, including our moms and mother figures.💞  Today especially we recognize moms past + present, and those who’ve taken on this role in their families.🌻Thank you!  (1/2) 
The online #ATXCouncil Special Called Meeting on protests has begun. Brief remarks by Mayor, Council + APD Chief Manley will be followed by public speakers. The full briefing + Council deliberation will start 9 a.m. Friday. Watch live: 
If you’ve solved hard problems with phones / wearables (sealing, signal processing, inductive charging, power mgmt, etc), please consider working at engineering@neuralink.com
The City is also implementing new emergency rules now mandating restaurants + other food establishments to take a range of actions to reduce the possibility of exposure to #COVID19 in Austin-Travis County. 🍽️  More info: 
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
💚 Green looks good on you, @AustinFC.  #GrowTheLegend 
Transcript of the video conference with His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Chinese Activists held on January 4th, 2011. 
just found out about Object Permanence... why didnt any one tell me about this shit
His Holiness the Dalai Lama thanks those who sent greetings on the occasion of his 85th birthday. 
Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book, “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews
Thank you! 
😷 Tiếp tục đeo khẩu trang/khăn che miệng và mũi + giữ khoảng cách 6 ft với những người khác khi ở nơi công cộng.  Nên giảm thiểu việc đi lại + các hoạt động không thiết yếu. (2/3)
It’s real 
Some @LCRA-managed parks in Travis County will be closed from 8pm on Thursday, July 2, to 8am on Tuesday, July 7.  Boat ramps at these parks will be closed + all reservations will be cancelled for a full refund.  📌   More info👇 
I Am Your Slave Madam President!  I'll Always Protect You! 
Please trash me on Wikipedia, I’m begging you
When our mind is calm, we’re better able to find peace of mind and live a joyful life.
But I’m just a simple sheep/ram
Nothing is both real &amp; imaginary
your the ones who sold out not me
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catcher’s mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage… 
do not piss my ass off. do not goof around with my ass
none of my followers like jokes, none of my followers enjoy Fun, every time i try to lighten the mood people just post pics of my mug shots
The instant I heard the song yankee doodle aas a child I threw my headphones off and said that the shit is over rated and I was right
As we develop more love for others, we’ll have more confidence in ourselves; the more courage we have, the more relaxed and serene we’ll be.
Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!
it is a Content Curator's solemn duty, to post links to shit, without freaking out under the intense scrutiny of the craven, impotent masses
Have a friend or family member who needs help getting online? Tell them about our FREE classes for internet access, device training, job skills, and computer basics for seniors. Info:  #digitalinclusion 
Listening to REALiTi
Cultivating warm-heartedness and compassion is something we can all do.
Great job @ChuckGrassley, you really get it! 
“The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!
On Twitter, likes are rare &amp; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. It’s great.
Starship 9m test tank made 7.5 bar at room temp! Small leak at a weld doubler. Will be repaired &amp; retested at cryo. 
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon. 
I am convinced that everyone can develop a good heart and a sense of universal responsibility with or without religion.
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on @Space_Station solar arrays. 
¿Qué es Reimaginando la Seguridad Pública? ➡ Es una iniciativa para reformar la seguridad pública en Austin, poniendo fin a las disparidades en el trato a las comunidades de color cuando interactúan con los oficiales.  👉Más información:   #ReimagineATX 
Happy #RoshHashanah 
I’m optimistic that there is a growing appetite for peace in the world. Many young people are fed up with war and violence.
Live Webcast: HHDL's one day teaching on "Three Principal Aspects of the Path" in Dharamsala, India on November 11. 
After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 
Our community is resilient☀️, strong💪 and creative🎨. Though neighborhood streets are less traveled, our community is still vibrant.  6 feet apart can bring us closer together.  Help fight #COVID19 together + keep our community connected. Share your stories. #ATXforATX 
It is important to let people know that they have the source of contentment and happiness within themselves.
Workers Defense: #ATXCouncil directed staff to create a strategy for high-risk workers – 65+, with underlying health conditions, or with high-risk family members – to prevent COVID hospitalizations/fatalities + address challenges faced by disproportionately affected communities.
Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
Ideas may travel from the top down, but the movements that put them into effect have to work from the bottom up. I am encouraged to see young people trying to bring about positive change. Confident because their efforts are based on truth and reason—therefore they will succeed.
...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America.
Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively.
😷 @AustinWatershed staff continue to work virtually to reduce the impact of flood, erosion and water pollution. With community partners, they’re preparing a system to sanitize up to 80,000 N-95 masks per day for regional healthcare providers and first responders. #PSRW 
 - HHDL answers the question from IPL cricketer Yuvraj Singh, "What's your favorite sport?" on April 17th, 2010.
Compassion and peace of mind bring a sense of confidence that reduce stress and anxiety.
am i still blocked by "The diaper guru" ? yes. but my people and his people are negotiating an amnesty agreement as we speak.
Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
Join the @AustinAuditor tomorrow for a 15-min. virtual Q&amp;A on the #RedistrictATX Applicant Review Panel!  📅 Tuesday, July 7 ⏰ 6 p.m. 👉 Watch + participate via FB Live:   📌 More info:  
The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧
Foster Funding 🐶 #ATXCouncil approved @AustinAnimals to accept a $10,000 grant from the Duffield Family Foundation to assist with the increase in foster families + pets being placed into foster care during the #COVID19 pandemic. 
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but it’s a step in the right direction
ALGAE UPDATE: Samples taken Oct. 14 show toxins are still present in the algae, though the amount of algae has decreased since the drop in temperatures. Continue to keep pets out of Lady Bird Lake. More results coming mid next week:  
Even if some of the public doesn’t care about the credibility score, the journalists, editors &amp; publications will. It is how they define themselves.
.@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
Looking forward to the first 15,000 #DIY face shields from  is underway at @ATXConventions w/ volunteers from @UTAustin, @DellMedSchool, @DellEMC, @Google, @SparkCognition, @TravisCountyTX, + @AustinChamber.  👉  #ATXforATX 
Whenever there is a challenge, there is also an opportunity to face it, to demonstrate and develop our will and determination.
Tune in at 2pm today to learn about the proposed #ATXBudget2021 -   Watch live: 📲  📺ATXN ch 6, Spectrum ch 6, Grande Communications ch 6, and U-Verse ch 99 💻 (Eng. + ASL) or  (Spanish) 
.@TheOnion
Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival.
ive signed a 1 Month Pact w/ my wife which grants her the right to viciously berate me online, as long as she watches &amp; supports my Stream's
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model 3. Order online at  before then for current prices.
police...!  Poison that man
Looking for ways to bridge the social gap while keeping physical distance?    🔨 Learn how to fix various household items from the comfort of your home at our first virtual Fix-It Clinic!      📅 Sat, May 16, 11am – 2pm   📌 How it will work:    #ATXforATX 
The many factors which divide us are actually much more superficial than those we share. Despite all of the things that differentiate us – race, language, religion, gender, wealth and so on – we are all equal concerning our fundamental humanity.
Should we believe things proportionate to the evidence that they are true? (yes)
PISS 3 TIMES A DAY.  THATS IT
What’s truly of value in life? what gives our lives meaning? We weren't born to cause trouble or harm. To be of value, we must develop basic good human qualities---warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life will become happier and more meaningful.
By being inattentive to the needs of others, inevitably we end up harming them.
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
the reason i dont address the trolls ib because i know that the truth would hurt them so much that they would probably take their own lives.
Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
One of our favorite days of the year is here! Vote for the best 🍩 flavor + share your go-to #ATX doughnut spot. #NationalDoughnutDay #OriginalHoleFood
A GREAT WIN! 
Các địa điểm phát đồ ăn bên lề đường mở cửa từ 11 giờ sáng đến 1 giờ trưa từ thứ 2 đến thứ 6. #ATXforATX
ive been notified by my agent that if i do not tweet the phrase "Epic Wells Fargo" four times this month i will have one of my ears cut off
Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, &amp; very much like their Fake News partners!
Modern education pays little attention to inner values and yet our basic human nature is compassionate. We need to incorporate compassion and warm-heartedness into the modern education system to make it more holistic.
Tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. Instead, we use that money to make the product great. 
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
I first read this as making wind with 🧀 
💨 &amp; 🐐 sounds too (also, of course)
Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN &amp; MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!
…
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
Love gives rise to peace and happiness within us, which we then bring to the world in which we live.
I’m disappointed that my record label failed
Some photos of HHDL's final day of his three day visit  to Nagano, Japan, on June 21st. 
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ
Rocket nosecone production in Texas 
At one level, all major religious traditions have the same aim – to transform the individual into a positive being.
Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!
Give people their freedom back! 
Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 
Posting is the easiest shit ever and yet theres people on here with hundreds or thousands or millions of followers FUCKING IT UP
He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
Live Webcasts: HHDL convenes "A Meeting of Diverse Spiritual Traditions in India" Sept 20-21 from New Delhi, India. 
In our daily lives, mindfulness, a more holistic and compassionate attitude helps us keep our peace of mind; it’s good for our health too.
Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these feelings, society will face tremendous difficulties.
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!
Search UAW and “corruption”. Very long reading list. Great organization. 
Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
RIGHT NOW: head over to @AUStinAirport Facebook to join in on #JetStreamFest 
Tap Tesla logo at top of your car’s touchscreen &amp; wait 10 secs to open special features box
💕🍜 ramen is sooo good🍜 💕
thinking i only have about 80000 more posts to read before i figure out the precise amount of sex that should be allowed in pepsi commercals
We are all human beings possessing a seed of compassion. We have to use our intelligence to cultivate the inner values associated with it.
Unis3x
We often talk about moral values, justice and trust, but the important thing is to put them into effect in our everyday lives.
Relieving the Strain: #ATXCouncil directed City staff to develop a rapid program to help sustain small + local businesses + non-profit organizations facing hardship, using a portion of federal dollars designated for pandemic-related relief:  #COVID19 4/11
ass gas and grass. i love to drive my car for free
Hunger Relief: #ATXCouncil authorized a $2M agreement through September 2020 with @CTXFoodBank to distribute groceries to low-income Austin-Travis County families who are struggling to feed themselves due to #COVID19.
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
extremely getting a uti by usnig the same shirt i used to wipe my dogs mouth to wipe piss off of my dick
#ATXCouncil passes item 14.  To keep up with actions taken by the council for today's meeting go to   Council moving on to item 45.
The online #ATXCouncil Special Called Meeting on protests has reconvened and will begin with a briefing from APD Chief Manley followed by Council deliberation. Watch live: 
Park for the People: #ATXCouncil authorizes the dedication of about 57 acres of City-owned land in East Austin, located directly north of East Boggy Creek and west of US 183, as parkland, preserving it for public use. 
To meet this century’s challenges, human beings need a greater sense of universal responsibility.
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer &amp; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound! 
It is important to teach young people at school that violence is a fruitless approach to solving problems.
Finders keepers 🚀🚀🚀 
What ants must feel like 
Investing in the Community: #ATXCouncil approved the appropriation of up to $18 million from the General Fund Emergency Reserve Fund to support #COVID19 relief efforts for businesses, parents, workers, students, and animals in Austin. 10/11
they should make web 2.0 slot machines that show the faces of your loved ones instead of shit like cherrys, the number 7, and the word "Bar"
He might run for President in 2024 
Great Model Y review by @jayleno 
I feel that the moment you adopt a sense of caring for others, it brings you inner strength.
lol 
🗓 City Council District 7 is hosting a community conversation to discuss public safety reform in Austin next Wednesday, October 14 at 5:30pm.     👉Sign up here to participate:  
When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of anxiety or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced. We experience a liberation from our habitual preoccupation with self and paradoxically, this gives rise to strong feelings of confidence.
Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
Some photos of HHDL's visit to Zenkoji Temple in Nagano, Japan on June 19th. 
Im nthe new voice of the apu character from simpsons.  Im not as good at doing it as the last guy though.  Sorry
.@markZuckerburg twitter dms are broken agaain you ugly sack of stupid fucking shit. you incompetent  freak
if youre one of thoe waiters who carries the little scraper around , to the tables, to get the crumbs off it `` Kiss Da Back O' My Nuts ``
It is not enough simply to wish that love and compassion grow within us. We need a sustained effort to cultivate such positive qualities.
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor &amp; more video games.
About to go live
thinking about how much higher we'd rank on the World Happiness Report if they said gamers should be allowed to be landowners, on the news
Affection, a sense of community and a sense of concern for others are not some kind of luxury. They’re about the survival of humanity.
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies 
pissing on top of my own throw up and saying a lot aobut society.......
half the posts these guys are making could perhaps be found in "Barney magazine" , or "Shit for babys magazine"
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?
Used to be you could get on stage &amp; say stuff like "Tickle me elmo fucks" and people wiould shower you with praise. Standards are now higher
He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
Sunset 
To serve others and not only to secure their welfare, but also to avoid harming them, is the standard of a meaningful life.
Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations. Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture.
Today #ATXCouncil will be considering 120 items ranging from extra funding for @LifeWorksAustin and @SAFEatx to studies on the Onion Creek floodplain and the city’s rules on the public consumption of alcohol. 👀 View full agenda:  
Build-a-Backpack 2019 is taking over City Hall today! Employees from across the City have donated more than 1,000 backpacks for students in need. 🎒✏️📓 
What are your fav short shorts?
The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
theres a popular nursery rhyme in which the singer claims to be a teapot. this, for many children, is their first experience with "Trolling"
Help for Utility Customers: #ATXCouncil approved a resolution directing City staff to identify and evaluate options for reducing the impact of utility bills for customers asked to work from home or stay home to help reduce the spread of #COVID19:  4/5
El domingo 10/20/2019, el sitio web del City of Austin estará fuera de servicio por mantenimiento de 4 a.m. a 10 a.m. Si necesita ayuda, llame al 3-1-1.
Creating a better world will require will-power, vision and determination. And for that we need a strong sense that humanity is one family.
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 
Staying the Course. #ATXCouncil extends Dr. Mark Escott’s role as Interim Health Authority as Austin-Travis County continues to manage #COVID19. 🙏 
I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after you’ve had your Tesla for a week
I just realized there is a jazz hands emoji 🤗
I am saddened by the passing away of Sri Sathya Sai Baba. I offer my condolences and prayers to all his followers, devotees and admirers.
La infraestructura crítica, incluyendo comunicaciones, servicios de emergencia, energía, sistemas de transportación, agua y drenaje se mantendrán en operación. A estos servicios se les alienta a implementar precauciones de examinación para proteger a sus empleados. (4/7)
there were 100 browser games in the 2000s where the goal was to become a Pimp by sending links to people, but thats jsut real life now
Esto les permite a los inquilinos tener tiempo extra para pagar la renta atrasada u otros cargos que se venzan en o antes del 24 de Agosto.   Para más información + ayuda de renta:  (2/2)
I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
'Prayer Is Not Enough.' The Dalai Lama on Why We Need to Fight Coronavirus With Compassion published by Time Magazine on April 14, 2020. 
Live: HHDL teaches from the "Jataka Tales" (Life Stories of the Buddha) March 19th at 8:00am IndianStandardTime 
If our goal is a happier, more peaceful world in the future, only education will bring change.
🖤🚀💫 
Paint shop 
#ATXCouncil meeting is underway.  Follow  live and get more information here 
scorned Gamer invents a new color of face that is reportedly "Worse than blackface" -- Beyond Fucked - Theres Never seen anything like this.
Ohh!!! Im a fuck up!! My followers hate me!!  I'll never be good!!  What do I do?? What do I do??
The order requires Austinites to stay at home, with exceptions for essential work and activities. Go out only if necessary. When conducting an allowed activity, it is important people continue to maintain at least 6 ft of social distancing. (2/5)
Love and kindness are the very basis of society. If we lose these positive emotions, society will face tremendous difficulties.
I commend the state government and all those engaged in providing relief to people affected by this natural calamity. As a mark of solidarity with the people of Bihar, I have asked the Dalai Lama Trust to make a donation to the relief and rescue efforts.  
Why are manhole covers round?  Because manholes are round. 🤷‍♂️  #ATXCouncil okays a contract to provide manhole covers to be used by @austinenergy for repairs, maintenance and new projects. 🕳 
LAW &amp; ORDER!!!
Turns out joking about being a “rock” star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock — hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Small businesses, private non-profits, homeowners, + renters impacted by #COVID19 can apply for emergency financial assistance through the U.S. Small Business Admin. (SBA) Disaster Assistance Loans Program.  👉 Info:  👉 Application:  
Los residents de Austin afectados por COVID-19 pueden recibir 💵 para ayudar con su factura de servicios públicos de la Ciudad de Austin. ¡Solicite ahora para recibir un alivio inmediato! 👇 👇   
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
 
Duck emoji FTW
It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!
Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
Critical advice has been issued for people in Austin-Travis Co. who are aware they've had contact w/ an individual w/ #COVID19. Based on our first 3 cases, @AusPublicHealth is conducting contact tracing on hundreds of people.  See the Dr.'s advice:  
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern.
getting smoked to crap by a big bomb bieng ridden by a man waving a cowboy hat around
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings from Tibetan Childrens' Village School (TCV) in Dharamsala, India on June 4-6. 
Here are some photos of HHDL's visit to Slovenia from April 5th to 7th. 
Works best if you play games full screen &amp; use steering wheel scroller balls for control 
Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind. Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions.
Congrats to these amazing #ATX artists who brought home awards from the biggest night in music!🎼  @garyclarkjr 🏆🏆🏆  @willienelson 🏆  @pattygmusic 🏆  @officialdelbert 🏆   📸: @RecordingAcad  #Grammys 
Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
OUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
the entire time youre watching the movie 101 Dalmatians, youre just thinking, This is so many more dalmations than usual. It is just fucked
Photos of HHDL at the Peace Conference for Youth 2010 held in Osaka, Japan, on November 7th. 
the Economy is changing the way people think about Culture.....
Follow and share our posts to help spread the word.   📌 Census Info:  📌 More Info: 
As a human brother I'm committed to letting people know that we all possess the seeds of love and compassion.
As a human being I’m aware that we are all physically, mentally and emotionally the same and we all want to live a happy life. Scientists say our basic nature is compassionate. It’s clear that love and affection bring people together.
Boring Co urban loop system would have 1000’s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination &amp; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
just had all my postmate deliverys cancel on me because they caught me posting about cum on here
Update your Austin 3-1-1 mobile app today for easy access to up-to-date #COVID19 info! ✅ 
Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Tesla owners can refer someone to buy a Tesla &amp; get any image they want laser etched in glass &amp; sent to deep space for millions of years 
Media will not be allowed to attend in person. The media is asked to watch the #ATXCouncil meeting online on ATXN and contact the CPIO media team for any additional information they may need.  More info: 
letting millionaires shit all over my house and piss on my pets for $0
Live: HHDL teaches the Diamond Sutra August 28-29, 9:30-11:30am & 1:30-3:30pm IndianStandardTime(GMT+5.30) 
pleased to eannounce that all my posts will now be about the Filipino israeli defense force, which i have recently been fooled into joining
Did you know only 20% of your annual property tax bill goes to the City of Austin? Your tax dollars + utility fees contribute to the City’s budget. We want to know what you think: Take our #ATXBudget survey today at  
Inspiring! 🌟 #ATX musicians + service industry workers joined voices to create something beautiful for our community.  #WhatTheWorldNeedsNowChallenge 💗 #ATXforATX 
Cultivating inner awareness, introspection and reasoning can be more effective than meditation and prayer.
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, &amp; the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller &amp;  with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots &amp; Fraud!
Share how Austin shines. Our community stays strong with help from each other. Read and share what Austin has been doing for Austin. #ATXforATX  💪 Show us Austin’s strength at  
¿Busca una manera segura de celebrar este fin de semana (#LaborDayWeekend)? Ya no busque más 👇   🍔 Encienda el asador para su familia en casa  🖥️ Reúnase virtualmente con amigos y familia    😷 Utilice una cubierta para la cara y practique distanciamiento físico 
Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!
Will do an open call Q&amp;A
Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!
Thanks on behalf of @SpaceX team! We ♥️♥️♥️ @NASA! 
LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!
I would like to say that the very root of respect for human rights and nonviolence is love and kindness to others
doing pretty good with thre posts today. might try to pound out a few more before sundown, but it remains to be seen if i will "Blow it"
Even without a religious perspective, love and compassion are clearly of fundamental importance to us all.
Donate protective gear at 4 drop-off locations NOW through Saturday, 3/28! @ADRNTX and @austintexasgov are partnering to collect supplies and ensure that they get them to the right sources.  👉 Info:  📞 (512)825-8211   #COVID19 (1/2)
Join Austin's Vision Zero movement and help make our transportation network safer. ✊ 
It's hot outside, y'all + we’re approaching a time of increased risk for harmful algae on Lady Bird Lake.  🚫Avoid stagnant areas + clumps of algae 🚿Rinse your dog after contact w/ water 👀Regular monitoring begins next week  👉  An example from last yr👇 
Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS &amp; HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!! 
if you come to this website for jokes, rather than Experiences, youre Fucking yourself
Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH &amp; VA.  Early voting is now underway in MN, MI &amp; VA.  FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.  Apply for yours in FL today:  
Model 3 motor &amp; gearbox still in good condition after driving 1M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance. 
every time you vermin talk shit of me, i flip my chair backwards at 900mph and bust through sevreal pane glass windows. Not so cool now huh.
I think it is very important to know we can each transform ourselves into a better, happier person. I think it’s important to recognize this
clown Ass. people have been treating me like dirt due to bernie bro dark money and you cant blame me for defending myself, and im no(41/66)
BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!
Not only do we inherently possess the potential for compassion but I believe that the basic, underlying nature of human beings is gentleness
We can't be useful to ourselves unless we're useful to others.
one matrix pill is Pitbull Holocaust. the other is Pitbull Revolution. i wont say which is which because i dont want people to get mad at me
I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA.
Watch #ATX buildings #LightItBlue from the evening of April 9 in a show of support for all the health care providers fighting on the front lines against #COVID19. Thank you for all that you’re doing. We’re here for you. #ATXforATX  💙 
warming my nuts on your daily coffeecup
In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
Goal of government should be to maximize the happiness of the people. Giving each person money allows them to decide what meets their needs, rather than the blunt tool of legislation, which creates self-serving special interests.
Just wrote a song called “Don’t doubt yer vibe”
having you tube intellectuals explain to me how exactly humpty dumpty fucked up , and why he deserves to die
Run a physics sim long enough &amp; you’ll get intelligence
Algunas actividades esenciales: 🏥 Obtener atención médica y medicamentos 🛒 Obtener materiales necesarios para quedarse en casa 🚶‍♂️ Actividades/ejercicio al aire libre 🏢 Trabajar en un negocio esencial 🧓 Cuidar de otros en un hogar diferente (3/5)
She should be ashamed of herself! 
We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago...
.@JeffBezos is a copy 🐈 haha 
first they ignore you then they laugh at u then you jack off &amp; read posts for 30 years then you die of pulmonary heart disease  then you Win
Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job &amp;, together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
Raptors 
THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
wasting other people;s Emotional Labor, by posting public screeds about the coming retribution of Lunchables Snack Packs
Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!! 
When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!
City of Austin administrative offices and other municipal facilities will be closed July 4, in observance of Independence Day. 🇺🇸 For more information including road closures, trash and recycling pickup, and swimming pool hours visit  #4thOfJuly 
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Cybertruck option package 
Perhaps the most significant obstruction to inter-religious harmony is a lack of appreciation of the value of others' faith traditions.
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April 1
A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!
HHDL cuts the cake during celebrations of his 83rd birthday at Shiwatsel Teaching Ground in Leh, Ladakh, J&amp;K, India on July 6, 2018. Photo by Tenzin Choejor 
Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
It’s more important than ever to know what our City should prioritize in the next FY #ATXBudget.  👉 Visit  to share with us what priorities are most important to you + your family through July 1. 
Today starts #AVAFest, the month-long festival aimed at turning #Austin into a healing center for veterans through art. Now thru 11/16, view exhibits (like those pictured) + attend performances to support local veterans. Full list of events at  #ATXVeterans 
Welp, our lunch plans just changed #NationalHamburgerDay #CheatDay. Tell us, #ATX: What’s your must-have #Texas topping? If it's not listed, reply below!🍔
Live webcasts of HHDL's teachings and talks from Leura, Brisbane and Perth, Australia on June 8-14. 
the real kennedy assassinaiton was when jamie kennedy was assassinated verbally by gamers for not taking his e3 appearance seriously enough.
Great! 
A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!! 
yes i am a "HO"  Honorable online
Where_Gogurt_Failed.txt
.@MayorAdler + Travis Co. have declared a “local state of disaster” following recommendations from Dr. Escott + the Expert Advisory Panel. This decision effectively cancels SXSW + proactively increases preventative measures for #ATX events.   More info:  
"The people who say i should get a life are the real ones who should get a life" - Hamdan bin Mohammed Al Maktoum , Crown Prince of Dubai
just plowing trhough the 7-11 double doors with extra wide samurai armour and dropping broken glass all over my Geta (下駄)
considering the insane amount of meds i woud need to become harvey weinsteins Lawyer without wanting to flip my $80000 car off the over pass
And now … we dance! 
#Halloween and #DiaDeMuertos holidays take place this weekend. As your families make plans, don’t let #COVID19 scare you away from the holiday fun—make it memorable, while staying safe + healthy! 😷🎃❤  👉 Check out recommended activities:  
It's not what work we choose to do, the crucial point is doing it with a positive and altruistic motivation.
Staying in your home. #ATXCouncil approves a new plan to help those dealing with eviction concerns due to #COVID19. The deal is a one year agreement for @TRLA to provide legal aid and counseling for those in danger of being evicted. 
English translation of HHDL's interview with Wang Lixiong that was posted on Lixiong's Twitter page May 21st. 
There is no fortitude like patience, just as there is no destructive emotion worse than hatred. Therefore, practice patience and tolerance.
every one wants to read my 200-page manifestos about how i refuse to make eye contact with my dentist, or "Get me a man who does both"
i do support the long display names so people can change them to things like "The Discourse Is a Hell Of A Drug!!" instead of an actua lname
Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!
the first rate service at long horn steak house pittsburgh blasted my ass hole wide open, their dedicated waitstaff had me Nuts over Ass
Las solicitudes de asistencia de emergencia de RISE 2.0 están abiertas hasta el 21 de sep. para aquellos con dificultades económicas por #COVID19. Los fondos se distribuirán en incrementos de $2,000 por hogar basado en una lotería.   👉Solicite aquí:  
Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
Hey #ATX, teens aged 12-19 are invited to participate in Kingdom Arts—a citywide art show celebrating anime, manga, + video game culture.🌟   🎨Works can include 2D media, cosplay photography, short films, and animation.    Apply by Dec. 1:   
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. It’s better because of you! ♥️♥️♥️
ATXN will be live with an informal overview of the confirmation of measles in Travis County. Visit  at 9:30 am.  Dr. Mark Escott, Interim Health Authority for Austin Public Health, will be providing details.
VOTE! 
First, it’s important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp; has been for a while 
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot 
This meme proves it 
♥️🚀💫 SpaceX team 💫🚀♥️
SpaceX started with a mariachi band party. Great vibes here in Boca Chica, Texas! 
#TFW listening to your mother gets you an award for Best in Climate Protection: @HMSHawks student Pranav Sarma turned stories his mom told him into an award-winning science project @austinenergy’s 2019 Regional Science Fair  #netzerohero #mothersday 
everytime windows updates youll find my dumb ass claiming that the user experience seems "smoother" now. you will beg me to shut the fuck up
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year! 
We have to try to solve local problems keeping global interests in mind.
THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA  
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
Businesses with questions, please call 3-1-1.  The prohibition does not generally include: • Office spaces or residential buildings • Transit including airports, bus stations, or terminals • Grocery stores • Shopping malls • Hospitals or medical offices and facilities
Even more important than the warmth and affection we receive, is the warmth and affection we give. It is by giving warmth and affection, by having a genuine sense of concern for others, in other words through compassion, that we gain the conditions for genuine happiness.
Welcome @hiromichimizuno to the Tesla board! Honored to have you.
I’m optimistic, the future is open: peace, reconciliation, compassion, the environment – we have better awareness of these realities.
For many people, the only tangible value is money. And of course money has its place, but the value of cultivating a compassionate attitude is much more effective. When we only pay attention to material values, there’s little room for concern for others, or for mutual regard.
there seems to be a Fucking mistake here sir, 
concerned about t he health of my followers, many of whom appear sickly and have chapped, unwashed elbows, stained with grime
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter!  If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options: 
that picture of all the construction workers sitting on a steel beam eating lunch except its me &amp; the boys sitting on the floor at game stop
We have two kinds of emotion, those that are destructive, like anger and jealousy, which destroy our peace of mind and damage our health. But we also have other constructive emotions, like compassion, that bring us inner strength.
The Most Wrongfully Unfollowed Account On Earth ....
Thread on #COVID19 from @AusPublicHealth below.  📢Updates will be posted to  
I am one of the 7 billion human beings alive today. We each have a responsibility to think about humanity and the good of the world because it affects our own future. We weren’t born on this planet at this time to create problems but to bring about some benefit.
the Ten click challenge, invented by buddihst monks to enhance Discipline , asks that we limit ourselves to click on only ten things per day
Great crowd, great people! 
200k
Live Webcasts: HHDL's teachings on Atisha's "Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India on October 1-4 
See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
We intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from Panasonic, LG &amp; CATL (possibly other partners too). However, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in 2022 &amp; beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!
the floor of the new york stock exchange breathlessly awaiting MetalGearEric's review of the BK Rodeo Whopper before erupting in chaos
i am being targetted by a shadow campaign just because i cured my own diarhrea by exercising instead of taking "PILLS"
HHDL's teachings and talks live from Melbourne, Canberra, Brisbane & Perth, Australia, June 11-19, 2011 
Item #27 - the "Affordability Unlocked" ordinance passes. That concludes the business portion of today’s #ATXCouncil meeting. Next up: Proclamations and Live Music from Mother Rukkus -  Watch live on 
The real source of inner joy is to remain truthful and honest.
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!
See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 
absolutely nuking my dick into 1000000 pieces with one of those wile e coyote tnt plungers
We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD, and God Bless America! 
I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead. 
Just saw it on CNN: Thyere coming out with a new batman #NewBatman
Congratulations @SpaceX &amp; @NASA on completing first crewed Dragon flight!! 🇺🇸 returned.
Great song 
The @Austin_Police Superheroes sent a fun video message to @DellChildrens patients + hospital staff over the weekend ❤️. Superheroes + a surprise villain sent words of kindness + strength to patients, while sending big thanks to 🏥 staff.  #ATXforATX ▶️  
I am a man of religion, but religion alone cannot answer all our problems.
when i see shit on the news saying we lost 50000 jobs for w/e reason, i say damn... i couldve scored some of those jobs, if they werent Lost
The new Orders clarify + provide additional guidance for office spaces, childcare facilities, and homeless camps, and align with Governor Abbott’s statewide Order which included the closure of businesses not included in the previous Austin-Travis County Orders. (2/3)
Help for Businesses: #ATXCouncil and @econvitalityATX took the first steps to creating a program that will offer $35,000 capital loans for small Austin businesses and non-profits suffering economic damage due to the #COVID19 global pandemic:  5/5
Meet Travis Baker, an Austin-Travis County Physician Assistant who provides medical care for people experiencing homelessness + other vulnerable populations in our community.  👉 Learn more about his work:  
Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!
Austin y el Condado de Travis usarón el sistema Warn Central Texas para enviar una alerta de emergencia sobre la situación de #COVID19.📲   Por favor quedarse en casa tanto como sea posible y cuando en público usar una cubierta de tela para la cara.😷  📌  
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of 100,000 people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles &amp; let people decide what makes them happy
im proud to preface all of my tweets with the montra of "If you dont like it, Then simply unfollow" thats the bread and butter of my acount
Interested in applying for the Creative Space Assistance Program grant? Attend an information meeting on March 25 at City Hall from 2:00 – 3:30pm. Register:  
thinking of some new provocative poses and gestures i can use at the local drive in movie theater to get my ass kicked more efficiently
Red Bud Isle has reopened after tests showed no visible signs of floating blue-green algae + no toxins. But another harmful algal bloom may occur at any time in any part of Lady Bird Lake. Dog owners who allow their pets to swim do so at their own risk.  
Great mission patch design! 
Early voting starts in 4 days! Dr. @MeaEscott + @TravisCoClerk Dana DeBeauvoir want you to stay safe at the polls.🗳  Make an early voting plan 👉  📄 Download a sample ballot 📍 View polling locations—many have changed 👤 Review voter ID requirements 
Compassion and love are not a luxury. As the source both of inner and external peace, they are fundamental to the survival of our species.
Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!
...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
I believe that human nature is fundamentally positive and gentle; therefore, a human approach should be non-violent.
youtube guy does magic tricks for an ape, and someone in the comments says magic is actually harmful to apes. well, fuck this shit, then !!
When you generate a reasoned desire for others to be happy, your humanity increases in strength.
- its not clever to show pictures of me morphing into a dog - its not funny - it odes not introduce Beauty into the world
Rewatched Young Frankenstein this weekend. Still awesome. Ovaltine? 
Releasing soon on Emo G Records!
Thank you. We will not let them down! 
Images of HHDL's trip to Ladakh to visit flood damaged areas and join in prayers for the victims on September 13th. 
📌 More info:  #ATXforATX 
Additional documentation, beyond regular ID requirements for transportation, is NOT necessary for travel to essential activities or businesses. If you see violations of the order, please make a report by calling 3-1-1. 📌
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Các quán ba phải đóng cửa các khu vực chung + cấm ăn uống trong phạm vi quán.   Ngoài ra, các cuộc hội họp tụ tập cộng đồng có từ 10 người trở lên trong một phòng đơn hoac không gian kín hạn chế trong nhà hoặc ngoài trời đều bị nghiêm cấm.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama arrives in Slovenia 
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &amp; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!
reading 70 iq posts about how bullying ghislaine maxwell makes us no better than the bad guy from the x-man movie and just nodding intensely
If a 2.5% revenue cap is enacted then in 3 years the City would face a deficit of $51.7M – the equivalent of 612 fire fighters, 549 police officers, or more than 50% of the entire operating budget for @AustinCityParks. Read the #ATXCouncil resolution at 
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks &amp; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done! 
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
In our daily life, tolerance and patience have great benefits: developing them will allow us to sustain and maintain our presence of mind.
might get really into chewing tobacco for some reason.  might start calling it "Tobaccy" .  Fuck you
Because motivation pervades all action, it is important that we have a positive motivation. Whatever we are involved in, whether it's politics, education, medicine, law, engineering, science, business or industry, the nature of our motivation determines the character of our work.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu and his wife Leah Tutu with HHDL during their visit to Dharamsala, India, on February 10th 
♥️♥️♥️♥️🛸🛸🛸🛸♥️♥️♥️♥️ 
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it 
Dé su opinión sobre las metas y estrategias del borrador del plan en: 
when scientiologist guys talk about LRH they are talking about "lee roy hjenkins" .  #GamersKnow  #oddballHumour
John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
☝️ To prevent the spread of #COVID19, people are ordered to stay home + work safe, except for essential activities. If going out is essential, keep 6ft of space 📏 + avoid crowds 🙅.  #StayAtHomeATX   More info:  
Sew Amazing: #ATXCouncil authorizes funding towards the @Accdistrict Fashion Incubator. The program equips students to work in the Austin fashion industry by taking courses in fashion design, marketing, sketching, clothing construction, and more. 
Great verdict 😀 
neo pets cinematic universe
#BlackHistoryMonth is coming to an end, but the Carver Branch is a great place to learn about African American history any time of the year. 🗓️  More info about the Carver Branch (hours + events):  
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
youve enntered the page of The Master 
He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
Dance Dance 🐏 
Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
The quality or purity of any spiritual practice is determined by the individual’s intention and motivation.
#ATXCouncil begins discussion on Item #11, regarding policy direction and guidance relating to the Land Development Code revision. Members of the public may sign up to speak at City Hall throughout the day. Agenda item:  
Most of our problems are related to the mind, so we have to work to reduce our destructive emotions.
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
Took my son to play piano for the seniors home in Pasadena. It was lovely to see them smile ♥️
Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me.
Good analysis. You can order commercial solar in literally 30 secs if you use Apple Pay at  
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins &amp; have it delivered to your house (return within 7 days for full refund) 
#DYK  Chuyển Trợ Cấp Qua Mạng Điện Tử trong thời gian Đại Dịch (P-EBT) là dành cho các gia đình có trẻ em hội đủ điều kiện nhận các bữa ăn miễn phí hoặc giảm giá từ trường học trong năm học 2019-20.  🍎   Áp dụng ngay hôm nay:  
Today #ATXCouncil is considering 83 items ranging from new Lake Austin control zones, funding for at-risk youth, and a police Taser and body camera contract. View full agenda:  
Concern yourselves more with the needs of others, with the needs of all humanity, and you'll have peace of mind.
Happy birthday, #ATX! 🎂 🎉 We were established as a city 180 years ago today—on December 27, 1839. Here’s to 180 years and 180 more! 🤩 
GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
cameras are off now. everyones diapers are frozen to each other and 1000 us marines are now separating them all with swords. horrible scene
And yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with AI 
remembering the anguiush the girls had caused me when they said it was good to have "Dadbod"
The aim of spiritual and therefore ethical practice is to transform and perfect the individual’s motivation and mental disposition.
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
We find that patience is the best means we have of defending ourselves internally from anger's destructive effects.
We can benefit others through our actions by being warm and generous toward them, by being charitable, and by helping those in need.
BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
This is misleading to the public
there needs to be a "BRexit" for people Who still be watching Teletubbys
It is my fundamental conviction that compassion constitutes a basic aspect of our nature as well as being the foundation of our happiness.
Some #ATXforATX resources to support each other in this #COVID19 pandemic:  🍅The ATX Emergency Food Systems Exchange connects food assistance + volunteers w/people  🌽@goodapplefoods delivers fresh groceries to at-risk residents  More info:  
Thanks
Ive decided to not be a part of asexual anymore after receiving a call from my agent orderring me to stand down
Buffalo wild wing gets $0 tip for serving "Bones" to me in chicken, if i had wanted to eat bones i would take my Ass to the grave yard
With an attitude of respect and concern for other beings, we can create an atmosphere of happiness, real harmony and real brotherhood.
waiting the customary 20 minutes after someone in the group dm says one of their pets died before posting a picture of sponge bob Nutting
Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
finally obtained a copy of the show thats making eveyone mad, dont see the big problem honestly 
Olde skoole analog synthesizer from ancient Britain 
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their 70 year history!!  
to the pyramid on the $1 bill calling itself the "all seeing eye" Fuck you. the only thing you can see from my wallet is the jeans of my ass
SickFuck Productions
handsome 
If we are truly concerned about the environment, we must think not only for this generation, but for future generations as well.
HHDL offers condolences on the death of former President of India, Pranab Mukherjee and pays tribute to his many decades of dedicated public service — "We can rejoice that for 84 years he led a meaningful life." 
Austin-Travis County Emergency Operations Center is utilizing Warn Central Texas to remind people of the importance of following the Stay Home, Work Safe Order this holiday weekend. Avoid public gatherings; use other ways—virtual, voice, etc.—to connect. 📰 
#DYK 家中若有儿童有资格在2019-2020学年领取免费或低价学校餐食，则该家庭可享受  疫情电子福利转账（P-EBT）计划。🍎 P-EBT将为家庭发放一次性现金补贴，每个儿童可获得285美元。  👉 申请： 
Remembering a Veteran: #ATXCouncil today backed efforts to rename a part of Parmer Lane as Jonathan J. Dunbar Memorial Parkway. Dunbar grew up and attended school in North Austin and served as a Master Sargent with the U.S. Army Special Operations Command. 
S3XY 
Only the inner protection of patience can keep us from experiencing the turmoil of negative thoughts and emotions.
#ATXCouncil gives final approval for zoning changes to three tracts of land along Riverside Dr. and S. Pleasant Valley Rd.
As human beings, equipped with marvellous intelligence and the potential for developing a warm heart, each of us can become a force for good
posting LIVE from a resort in the Dominican Republic, getting blasted in the face from all directions with pesticides, lips flapping around
Other human beings have a right to peace and happiness that is equal to our own; therefore we have a responsibility to help those in need.
To Infinity and Beyond! 
Btw, Tesla actually receives *least* subsidies of any automaker in US. Federal tax credit applies to other automaker EVs, but no longer Tesla.
...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!
Full Metal Alchemy 
HHDL attending Mass at St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna, Austria, on May 27th.                                    
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of 95% to 100% of population in all active markets.
fairly confident that even if i became a rat some how, i still would not want to fuck any of the other rats
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system 
Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over...
Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!
The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan...
Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left &amp; is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!
To be clear, Fremont &amp; Shanghai will also be upgraded over time, but it’s hard to retrofit these improvements to an operating paint shop
Compassion and love give meaning to our activities and makes them constructive.
Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE!  
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
the epic shit of 2017; is the boys getting TheSegaPimp fired from his job at The Red Cross for not wishing me a "Happy Halloween"
HHDL greeting a young fan on his arrival in Inverness, Scotland, on June 23.                                       
Starlink vertical on the pad 
TODAY at 6pm – Participate in an interactive Virtual Town Hall with the @AustinAuditor to learn about how you can get involved in our redistricting process.  ASL + Spanish interpretation will be provided.  More info:  (1/2) 
Driving electric just got easier! ⚡️ Check out @AustinEnergy's new Electric Vehicle Buyers Guide at  You’ll also find info on local charging ports (800+ powered by Texas wind energy!). 🍃 Let's work together to meet our goals for renewable energy. 🚘 
Controlling our desire for more, learning to live within realistic limits, is not only in our own interest. It’s also necessary if we are to overcome the challenges to life on Earth that our incessant quest for more generates—since the material resources of this planet are finite
Turner classic Homegoods
Was good maybe 5 or 6 years ago when you could wonder around &amp; find great unknown bands
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
changing my display name to "Richerd Simmons" as an april fools prank and inducing dissociative Psychosis on millions of on-line people
Great news that they made it out safely. Congratulations to an outstanding rescue team!
The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and...
Two wonderful people! 
As Sure As I Have An IQ of " 65 " I Will Never Not Address A Presidential Candidate As " SIR " NO MATTER THE POLITICS OF IT !!
Even modern medical researchers have come to the conclusion that peace of mind is vital for good health.
Science and the law can both help us forecast the consequences of our actions, but neither can tell us how we ought to act in a moral sense.
The Spice. Must. Flow. 
getting pecked by birds like a dick head
i will show my penis because i do not want to host the Oscars, as you see, i will be busy that night, watching the Oscars.
Determination and hope are key factors for a brighter future.
Here and now in the 21st century, with the help of what scientists have learned about the brain, we need to learn how to achieve peace of mind. This is crucial, since world peace can only be built by individuals who are at peace with themselves.
HHDL during the Jataka Tales teaching held at the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th.          
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha. 
Today marks the start of #HurricaneSeason. 🌧️ Check out this thread + follow @AustinHSEM for important emergency preparedness updates + information! 👇 
😍 Good morning to you too! 
Many exciting things will be unveiled on Battery Day 9/22 ⚡️
Happy Thanksgiving, #ATX! City administrative offices will be closed on Thursday, Nov. 28 + Friday, Nov. 29.   Before you bring out the turkey, check these other closures and schedule changes for City of Austin facilities:  
Các hàng quán ăn uống phải đóng cửa các khu vực ăn uống công cộng + khuyến khích cung cấp dịch vụ mua thức ăn ở tiệm mang về nhà, giao thức ăn tại nhà hoặc đặt thức ăn và lái xe qua để mang về, để giới hạn việc tiếp xúc.
How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!
Help Austin Resource Recovery gather feedback + input by participating in user research! Selected users will be compensated for their time with a gift card and be providing valuable insights to city services.👏  👉Fill out this form to apply:  
“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson
This planet is our home and Tibet its roof. We need #climateaction for #Tibet - the #RoofOfTheWorld #COP21 #ADP2015 
Order Tesla without test drive &amp; you get 3 days to return for refund, else 1 day 
New to #Austin? Looking for more to do with your furbaby (or for an excuse to get one)? Hot dog do we have the program for you!  Bark Rangers come in all shapes and sizes + you get the inside scoop to #dogfriendly parks in #ATX. Follow  for updates 
Just landed in North Carolina, thank you! 
On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, I take the opportunity to urge governments, organizations and individuals to rededicate themselves to making the achievement of peace the centerpiece of our lives. 
Heading back into the factory, so that’s enough for now. Don’t take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, it’s called a “Tweet”.
Are you #VoteReady with an #ElectionDay voting plan?🤔  Before heading to the polls, be sure to… 👉 Print a sample ballot or write down who you’re voting for—You can’t use electronic devices when voting, but can bring a written note in with you. (2/5)
HHDL during his visit to Rewalsar Sahib, a Sikh shrine in Tso Pema (Rewalsar), HP, India on April 3rd, 2012.       
👉 Más información en 
The challenge today is to convince people of the value of truth, honesty, compassion and a concern for others.
Above all, we should remember that as long as we retain the capacity of concern for others, the potential for transformation remains.
NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign &amp; send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you!
From 4 to 10:30AM Sunday (9/8/19), our website ( will be down to allow for some scheduled maintenance. If you need help during that time, please call 3-1-1. 
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
Thank you! 
The purpose of religion is not building grand temples but cultivating positive human qualities like tolerance, generosity and love.
We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
Since we are not solely material creatures, it is a mistake to place all our hopes for happiness on external development alone.
Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Rest in Peace: Daniel Johnston 1961-2019, "a legendary musician and artist who so authentically embodied Austin's soul and spirit" - @MayorAdler.  Wiki:  #HiHowAreYou #DanielJohnston  📷: @WagsPhoto /American-Statesman 
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity! 
If you can’t beat em, join em Neuralink mission statement
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible.
Facility closures cont... 👩‍⚖️All Austin Muni Court locations (Downtown Community Court open for social services only)   📄The Office of Vital Records is closed to the public. (Staff are continuing to process mail-in, online, + phone orders) 👷Austin Day Laborer Facility (4/5)
North Carolina looking good! See you later.
Great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
We all want to live a life free from turmoil, but we need to have a realistic method to achieve our goal. Warm-heartedness is essential—it yields a calm mind and self-confidence, enabling us to act openly, honestly and transparently, free from anxiety, fear and suspicion.
Preparing to fire the Starship Raptor engine at @SpaceX Texas 
Fundamentally, all spiritual traditions help us tame our mental state, overcome our negativities and perfect our inner potential.
Compassion is what makes our lives meaningful.
ATX Green Deal: #ATXCouncil directed City Staff to create an Austin Civilian Conservation Corps to employ Austinites who have lost jobs and income during #COVID19 to complete conservation and other beneficial projects:  2/11
Este #MemorialDayWeekend, deseamos que su tiempo sea relajante y que disfrute con sus amigos o familiares de algunas actividades saludables y seguras.🤸🧩⚽️  Ya sea que eso signifique hacer un asado con su familia o conectarse virtualmente con amigos, por favor #StayHome 
never mind they just found the post where i said i put on black face and started chasing cars around
crawling around on the kitchen floor like a fucking dick head and filming my own "Beggin Strips" commercials
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A. 
Dragon approaching Space Station 
Love it, thank you! #MAGA 
This would solve a lot of brain/spine injuries &amp; is ultimately essential for AI symbiosis
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota!  
Please help us #FightFlu by continuing to take preventative actions including...  🧼 Washing your hands 🙅 Not touching your face 🤧 Staying home if you're sick 💉 Getting a #Flu shot  More info:  
Interesting read 
Congratulations Tesla &amp; SpaceX on great 2019! You rock!! Looking forward to epic 2020 ♥️🚀🛰🚘☀️
calling my wife, screeching, telling her theres a bomb in the computer so she wont log on &amp; see ChronoAzusa's post calling me a girl Replier
It is STOPPED! 
Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!
Live Webcast: HHDL teaches on "37 Practices of a Bodhisattva" on November 30th, 9-1130am Indian Standard Time. 
choking myself on the toilet for Likes
Tesla quarterly all-hands video. Love the shot of wild horses &amp; Giga in winter 
wondering at what age my domesticated rat terrier is supposed to "Graduate" and move out of my house
Change starts with us as individuals. If one individual becomes more compassionate it will influence others and so we will change the world.
should go without saying but, if they show j. bezos penis on the news i will postpone the showing of my penis, to avoid confusing followers.
We need to improve the current education system by introducing instructions on ways to cultivate positive emotions like warm-heartedness.
if my bank balance is below $100 i will refuse to vote.  if it is over $100 i will vote for whichever candidate has the best "Ground game"
If you make your best effort to be kinder, nurture compassion, make the world a better place, then you can say 'At least I've done my best’.
I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM 
Ive read so many posts about how to be nice on here, its no wonder that I make such a good living as the CEO of the New York Times .
people keep replying to my posts accusing me of not knowing what True Pain is. possible computer bug???
Find out more about the City's efforts to address homelessness in Austin and the facts about recent changes to City ordinances at 
I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!
Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing...
Rest in peace Syd Mead. Your art will endure.
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!
i refuse to go to work until sex is eliminated. are we still doing the sex strike jokes. well thats my one
i know times are tough but rtry to give a Like and retweet to my posts if you are able to.  if not, thats ok also. Fuck you
La la la 
📺 Watch the meeting live NOW at  or on Spectrum channel 6, Grande Communications channel 6, U-Verse channel 99.  👂 Listen on the radio at KAZI 88.7 FM.  ☝️Follow Council actions live  🙋 Join the conversation by using #ATXCouncil. 
Go get 'em, team. #Austin, don’t forget to wear your burnt orange Friday #HookEm  🤘🤘 
Need a job? Get a job! Network! City of Austin is hosting its 9th Annual Career Expo today (4/17) at the Palmer Events Center starting at 10am. View list of  participating employers at  
"oh its so easy to og after david Koch now that hes dead" "its so Edgy &amp; Brave to get his ass now that he cnat send his assassins after you"
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
You can summon your Tesla from your phone. Only short distances today, but in a few years summon will work from across the continent. 
This #4thOfJulyWeekend, we hope you get time to relax + enjoy some healthy, safe activities w/ your friends + family. 🍔💻🎇  Whether that means BBQ-ing w/ your household, connecting with friends virtually, or finding time to yourself to unwind—please #StayHome to #SlowTheSpread. 
Test &amp; Track: #ATXCouncil accepted funds from @TexasDSHS to support #COVID19 public health response efforts, including to help investigate cases, slow transmission of disease, and minimize the number of deaths and social + economic impacts. More info:  2/6
👨‍⚕️We are so thankful for our #HealthcareHeroes at @AscensionSeton!🎉 
💡 A City-owned facility, @austinenergy offers rebates and incentives to help offset the cost of making energy-efficiency improvements to your home or business. Staff such as Randy Wade and Anne Marie Campbell continue to work safely wherever they are. #PSRW 
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
.@ILH_IGH serves as the Central TX community leader for #GivingTuesdayNow, a day of giving + unity designed to support the communities and nonprofits that make #ATX a great place to live + play.💗  ➡️More info + to donate:   #ILiveHereIGiveHere #ATXforATX 
it takes fewer muscles to smile than it does to break a baseball bat across the back of my fat neck
Im going to try posting like that now
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!
...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
i would rather go fuck my self than read one more post on the bird websitw
Promotion of understanding among the world's religions is one of the most serious and important tasks facing the world today.
To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???
We pray for those who have lost their lives, the injured and their families in the earthquake that struck Kyigudo (Chinese-Yushu) today.
“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews
Para mantener a nuestra comunidad fortalecida en contra del #COV19, comparta la información correcta y muestre compasión.   Sé la voz de la claridad y detenga el estigma.  Manténgase informado en  #StopStigma 
The practice of cultivating altruism has a beneficial effect not only from a religious point of view but also from a mundane point of view.
Live Webcast: HHDL will teach on the Jataka Tales from the Main Tibetan Temple in Dharamsala, India, on March 8th. 
病毒不会歧视，我们也不应该歧视。 ✋站起来，反对偏见。避免传播有关新冠肺炎(#COVID-19)不正确的信息。    最新信息, 请访问    #反对歧视 
Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020  
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
Important news in a few hours …
In today’s world, despite ample material development, too many lack inner peace. One way to counter anger, jealousy and competitiveness is to cultivate non-violence and compassion towards others.
Looking for a career in improving parks, green spaces, + public land? The Austin Civilian Conservation Corps and @AmerYouthWorks are hiring crew leads + members. This 9-month program includes full-time employment plus training and certifications.  👉Apply:  
The budget introduces changes to public safety in Austin, supports families + businesses hit by #COVID19, and allocates &gt;$60M to address homelessness. Council will seek voter approval on Nov. 3 for taxes to fund Project Connect, a citywide traffic-easing rapid transit system.
Este #ElDíadeReciclajedeAmérica es el 15 de noviembre! ♻️  ¿Sabes que los plásticos que se reciclan en Austin se convierten en cosas nuevas como botellas y contenedores, ropa, alfombras, pisos, macetas de flores, cubetas, portabicicletas y autopartes?    💚 
Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists &amp; looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History &amp; Heritage, both....
they should invent a new Danimal , mayvbe one that people might actually fucking want to associate with yogurt products for once
Conceptual telepathy
your damn right 
Tesla Solarglass roof 
Long journey
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block 5, so we’re being extra cautious. Launch date might move. 
yes i still believe the idea of wingstop was STOLEN from game stop. my evidence? its called reality
This Earth Day we need a greater sense of global responsibility based on our belonging to one human family.
We cannot be loving and compassionate unless at the same time we curb our own harmful impulses and desires.
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon! 
...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment...
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
deleted the tweet where i said that homer simpson is allowed to show his penis in the japanese version and im allowed to work at kmart again
Các Điều Kiện Tiêu Chuẩn:     ✔️ Là cư dân Austin–Quận Travis   ✔️ Có mức thu nhập thấp hơn 200% Mức Thu Nhập Nghèo theo quy định của Liên Bang   ✔️ Trên 18 tuổi   ✔️ Bị ảnh hưởng bởi COVID-19   ✔️ Không được nhận tiền trợ cấp trong 30 ngày vừa qua
The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who...
Shut the fuck up .  Christ 
Reliable and genuine discipline comes not from repression, but from an understanding of all the whys and wherefores of our actions.
And remember … 
Today’s #ATXCouncil meeting will begin shortly. To protect the community from the spread of #COVID19, the meeting will be held online with public speakers, Mayor, and Council Members participating remotely. 
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine 
A mind wishing to benefit other people and other sentient beings is the very basis of peace and happiness.
Just wants a little lamp 💡
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
I am encouraged by the clear acknowledgment of the need to seek non-violent resolutions of conflict in a spirit of reconciliation.
If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!
Austinites impacted by COVID-19 can receive 💵 financial assistance to help with their City of Austin utility bill.  Apply now for immediately relief!  👇 👇   
wearing electric bra in defiance of #NoBraDay my filthy bean bags getting absolutely smoked by radio sound attacksat the cuban embassy
Unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
We can achieve peace of mind if we tackle our destructive emotions, so the goal of making the 21st century an era of peace and compassion is feasible. It will involve finding solutions to problems in dialogue, not the use of force.
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
once more for the mother fuckers in the back... Not All People Who Work At Carnival Dunk Tanks Are Clowns.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama Expresses his Sadness Over the Recent Floods in Queensland, Australia. 
Great National Champions, thank you Coach O! 
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
一些必要的业务包括： 🏪杂货店 🏥医疗服务 🥄饮食外代服务 ⛽加油站+汽车维修 🏦银行/金融机构 🛠️ 维护服务 🏢 为弱势群体提供的社会服务 查看完整列表： （4/5）
Dove Springs Eternal: #ATXCouncil authorizes a contract to design + build the Dove Springs Public Health Neighborhood Center in southeast Austin, featuring a women-infant-children clinic, an immunization clinic, high-quality childcare, a playground, and community spaces. 
Medieval Futurism 
If you have a sense of caring for others, you will manifest a kind of inner strength in spite of your own difficulties and problems.
if Ur not retweeting or other wise liking all this good shit SC Johnson A Family Company is posting i got 2 words for U and that is Fuck you
First 60 @SpaceX Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit. 
i love coming on here every day to interact with a growing network of "CON MEN" and "IMBECILES"
HHDL meeting with his old friend former President of the Czech Republic Vaclav Havel in Prague on December 10th.   
bashing my skull against the steering wheel while screaming in my car for an hour; then coming on here pretending to be a Mental Health Guru
Non-violence is a sign of strength, self-confidence and truth.
Peace in the world depends on peace within. If we have that we can approach problems in a spirit of compassion, dialogue and respect for the rights of others—always a better solution than resorting to a use of weapons and force. External disarmament depends on inner disarmament.
We must cultivate a universal responsibility toward each other and extend it to the planet that we have to share.
Public comment is being heard on the Austin Strategic Mobility Plan. #ATXCouncil opened a public hearing on the Plan at the last Council meeting (3/28). Today is an additional opportunity for the public to provide feedback directly to Council. Agenda item: 
Go City Hall, it’s ya birthday! 🎉  15 years ago today, our current Austin City Hall building opened its doors on W 2nd Street.  Some people say the triangular platform that juts out over W 2nd Street resembles an armadillo tail. 👀 
Will be presenting &amp; taking questions  about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at 7pm on Thursday
Hadouken!! 
Human nature is such that the individual is most happy and relaxed when he or she can share happiness and trust with others.
Practicing compassion, caring for others and sharing their problems, lays the foundation for a meaningful life, not only at the level of the individual, family or community, but also for humanity as a whole.
Winners All! 
powerful vision: the fox nfl robot stops dancing for a moment &amp; collapses. from its body emerges a Nude African American Male, finally free,
All businesses providing goods/services must implement a health + safety policy. It must require:   😷 All employees, customers + visitors must wear a face covering  ✔️ Measures to reduce #COVID19 transmission   📝 Post Health &amp; Safety Policy in a conspicuous location   (4/5)
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that he’s got it (Thank you President T), gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
We need to be determined to achieve positive change, and also be able to take a long view of what needs to be done. What is important is not to become demoralized. Optimism leads to success; pessimism leads to defeat. One person can be the source of inspiration for many others.
We have to make a special effort to think of each other as fellow human beings, as our brothers and sisters.
i have been sitting in my computer chair repeating to myself the phrase "The god father of posts" for the past 9 hours .
SpaceX is building floating, superheavy-class spaceports for Mars, moon &amp; hypersonic travel around Earth 
I bet no one on 🌹 Twitter even *has* a guillotine! Poseurs …
Be there or Be Square: #ATXCouncil approves adoption of the Brush Square Master Plan.  See the final draft plan at  
“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends
The more we truly desire to benefit others, the more strength and confidence we develop and the deeper the peace and happiness we experience
flashing the coupon that allows me to shit in the kfc employee restroom, like a police badge, as i vault my big ass over the counter
A person who practices compassion and forgiveness has great inner strength, whereas aggression is usually a sign of weakness.
"Reading your posts has made me a better person."  Thank yo u.  A lot of people tell me that,
(11yr old Jack Droseys head pulled out of toilet)it bears repeating that 'Likes' are not conducive to my vision, and th(gets dunked again)
Thank you, I will never let you down! 
just because im following yiou on here doesn't mean im obligated to read your fucking posts, or like you, or marry you and be happy forever,
Today #ATXCouncil will be considering 149 items on issues ranging from climate change to police body cameras, water fountains, and high-capacity transit. 👀 View the full agenda:  
im auditioning for holly wood
Obv must be more pointy tho
this shit sucks so much shit, this is Hell, 
Quý vị có thắc mắc về đơn xin Cứu Trợ trong Tình Huống Khẩn Cấp (RISE) 2.0? 🏘️ Trung tâm trợ giúp qua điện thoại của chúng tôi mở cửa và sẵn sàng giúp đỡ - 8-11 tháng Chín, 7 giờ sáng đến 7 giờ tối!   ☎️  Gọi số (512) 714-6950 
Dragon Dawn 
#ATXCouncil is also hearing from speakers on 185 (possible actions related to City Codes re: camping in public areas, solicitation, sitting/lying down on public sidewalks or sleeping in the downtown area.
I;ve looked at the facts. Hell im looking at the facts right now.
Standing up for equality: #ATXCouncil accepts extra grant funding from the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to investigate allegations of discrimination made against private employers. More info: 
Updates to today’s agenda – Items 4, 21, 42 are withdrawn. Items 9 and 10 are postponed. The following items are pulled for discussion – 8, 19, 20, 32, and 37.  To see all actions taken by the #ATXCouncil go here: 
HHDL reciting prayers by torchlight in the dimly lit Hall of Lamps at Okunoin, in Koyasan, Japan on November 1.    
Learn about what's coming with the new MetroRail Downtown Station here:  
just got word that because the extensive water damage present o n my balls and part of my ass, i am no longer allowed to vote
Live webcasts: HHDL's teachings during Kalachakra for World Peace 2012 from Bodh Gaya, India, on January 1-10. 
As a human being, I believe each one of us should have some concern for others and for the planet.
agreed, 
Back on Track: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to explore options to procure a temporary vendor through an expedited process to oversee the repairs and operations of the Zilker Park train ride. 
"just Genius shit ." - Thugwanker
Ultimately, the reason why love and compassion bring us the greatest happiness is simply that our nature cherishes them above all else.
#ATXCouncil passes item 53, and is taking up item 54.  To keep up with actions taken by the council for today's meeting go to 
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
I have prehensile eyebrows
wacky sitcom premise where i accidentally arrange to get my ass kicked and have my dick sucked in the same parking lot
When our intentions toward others are good, we find that any feelings of shyness or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced.
Pet Owners! Please keep your pets out of Lady Bird Lake until further notice. Algae observed on the surface of the water could be harmful to animals. 
Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
this aint the damn barney channel 
🚧 Public Works Department employees complete curbside repairs in South Austin, while a supervisor takes measurements in advance of a street repaving project. #PSRW 
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
Thank you! 
Vote Austin’s own Lonnell Shackles for America’s Favorite Crossing Guard!🏅We are proud to spotlight his hard work—from clearing the street of glass to preventing a collision between a group of students + a truck.🛑  Learn more + vote daily through Dec 12:  
ai which flawlessly simulates keys being jingled offers unlimited joy to infants and persistent vegetative twitter power users
If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
AI symbiosis while u wait
Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at:  
On a personal level, we all appreciate people who are kind and warm-hearted.
game'sfully employed 
Super exciting day coming up! 
$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
Would lead to disaster! 
As human beings, all 7 billion of us are born the same way and die the same way. Physically, mentally and emotionally we are the same. We all want to live a happy life and avoid problems, but in a materialistic culture we overlook the importance of love and affection.
Preventing the Spread: #ATXCouncil asked UT @DellMedSchool to conduct a study to analyze, evaluate + identify ways to improve protections and reduce the spread of #COVID19 in nursing homes, assisted living centers + other long-term care facilities.
"Hwhoo!! That's a lot of zeroes" - me after seeing the amount of money of $12.00
Wishing good vibes for all in 2nd half 2020
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owner’s home, so super convenient &amp; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap 
everyone needs something worth dying for..mine just happens to be the japanese racist version of the wazzup ad
Are you a live music venue or non-profit facing space challenges? The new Creative Space Assistance Program (CSAP) may be able to help. Grants up to $50,000 are available for qualifying organizations. Application Deadline: March 29. More info: 
HHDL is greeted with a traditional Tibetan welcome on his arrival at his hotel in Dublin, Ireland, on April 12th.  
#MayTheFourth be with you... Always. Join @AustinPublicLib for a free viewing of Solo today at 10:30 a.m.  #StarWarsDay #PeterMayhewRIP 
I’m killin me lol
La Ciudad de Austin quiere invertir en lo que es más importante para usted. Ahora, hasta el 15 de Julio, díganos cuáles son sus prioridades para el próximo presupuesto de la Ciudad respondiendo a nuestra encuesta hoy en  #ATXBudget
thinking about taking some of the excess respect I have for our Fallen Heroes and converting it in to Cold Hard Cash
We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
All dressed up in black and white with jeweled green eyes...this sweet kitty is ready to go home with you right meow! 🐱🐾 🐾  Today (Sat. 8/17) the ‘Clear the Shelters!’ Adoption event at @austinanimals center (7201 Levander Loop) will waive fees all day from 9am - 6pm! 
1/29/18:  i do not want to think about or look at the word "Tater Tots"
Yep, order online at  in 2 mins &amp; car delivered direct to home 
Austin Energy has "one of the most aggressive plans in the nation" to reduce our carbon footprint. 😠👊&gt;CO2=🌎+🙂 
Seve jobs, bill gates, and Albert Einstein sitting at a table, enjoying a glass of Single Oak Barrel Whiskey , While i watch and smile.
#ATXCouncil is back from executive session. They'll continue to discuss Item #27 - commonly called "Affordability Unlocked." For more info go here:
Community Action: #ATXCouncil accepted $1.4M CARES Act funding from @TDHCA for the delivery of basic needs, case management, employment support, rent &amp; utility assistance, and preventive health services to low-income residents affected by #COVID19.
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
the fact i still post here despite people sending pics of my penis around is the greatest act of kindness in human history . Remember that
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 
now from my understanding, the bra store is not only a place to get bras, but also functions as a sort of social hub, for single woman &amp; men
And the lead character is also named Woody 
Cybertruck, ATV, Roadster &amp; Semi C A R S 
Photos of HHDL's visit to the ancient Buddhist capital of Nara, Japan, on November 8th, 2010. 
But actually … 
Glad you’re ok @tylerthecreator  
Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!
The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!
Unfortunate events, though potentially a source of anger and despair, have equal potential to be a source of spiritual growth.
Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
Live webcasts of HHDL's teaching and public talk from Oslo, Norway on May 8-9, 2014. 
well were back to 1000 americans choking to death daily on this virus and ithought the time line could use a quick smile. Thats all
Trabajamos para darle un buen uso a cada centavo de su factura de impuestos de la Ciudad de Austin. Díganos lo que piensa: tome nuestra encuesta de #ATXBudget hoy en 
Appreciate how rare and full of potential your situation is in this world, then take joy in it, and use it to your best advantage.
The uprising resulted in a violent crackdown in Tibet and the Dalai Lama's escape into exile in India.
Joint Effort: #ATXCouncil takes steps to eliminate the use of arrest or other enforcement action for low-level cannabis-related possession offenses + ensure City resources are focused on citizens’ public safety priorities. View the draft resolution:  
every generation deserves at least 5 movies named "Spider Man 2"
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins 
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed 8pm
i just think this is the sort of thing that would be nice to have 
Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! 
Peace means no disturbance, no danger. It relates to our mental attitude. If we have a calm mind, obstacles will be less disruptive. What’s important to realize is that ultimately peace of mind is within us, it takes a warm heart and using our intelligence.
But femtotech is the future … 
What’s actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at 60mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
If you don’t already know what a merkin is, don’t google it. You have been warned.
Developing compassion you feel much happier within—more calm, more peaceful—and other people respond to that. Through anger, real peace, friendship, and trust are impossible, but through love we can develop understanding, unity, friendship, and harmony — this is valuable.
The Dalai Lama appears on Twitter — and ‘tweets for a better world’ 
Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who...
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
Mars Base Alpha 
this is every thing and its only 11:am, 
Sometimes things go wrong; that’s normal. But we have a saying in Tibetan, ‘Nine times fail, nine times try again'.
Good morning, Austinites! 👋 Some #ATXforATX inspiration for your Sunday morning. 💚  #StayResilient #StayHome #FlattenTheCurve 
The purpose of life is to be happy. This is what all human beings have in common—the wish to lead a happy life. Many think that happiness is to be found outside us in material things, but actually it’s something that comes from within, from warm-heartedness and concern for others
HHDL left Dharamsala today for Bhopal, India where he will speak on human rights and universal responsibility tomorrow at the State Assembly
Help for Homelessness: #ATXCouncil approves $612,000 for mental health care, rapid rehousing + shelter case management for people experiencing homelessness. The funding is part of $63M dedicated to addressing homelessness in the FY2020 Budget.  
Just as cold is dispelled by heat, its opposite, anger and loving-kindness counter one another.
Bring color to your #StayAtHomeATX with #ATXforATX coloring sheets! 🎨Print, create, and share! 👇  💖 ATX for ATX heart:   📏“I am physical distancing for…”          • Horizontal:            • Vertical:  
Will be sentient, of course
Follow #ATXCouncil live on  and get updated agenda information at 
Determination, courage, self-confidence are keys to success. In all circumstances, we should remain humble, modest and without pride.
Tesla deliveries &amp; AP hardware chart by @lexfridman at MIT 
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice...
The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGA
Beginning today, in addition to making trips  related to essential businesses, activities and travel, Austinites may also make trips for the reopened services listed in the Governor’s order. 🚗 
The distinction between violence and non-violence lies less in the nature of the action and more in the motivation with which it is done.
Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!
The stars in Starship’s mirrored hull reflected
Pop Quiz #ATX: What do you do when you see a loose dog frolicking where it ought not? (Hint: Video makes this an open-book test) @ATX_311  Post to Insta  Ignore it  Call 3-1-1 
all of the dna in my ass is just morbid.  if my ass was a person it would have a small dick
If You Connect It, Protect It! Learn how to be safer online this National Cybersecurity Awareness Month by visiting:   #BeCyberSmart #Cybersecurity #NCSAM2020 #DataPrivacy 
¿Sabía que solo el 20% de su factura anual de impuestos a la propiedad va a la Ciudad de Austin? Queremos saber lo que piensa: tome nuestra encuesta #ATXBudget hoy en 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
lots of movies like to add jokes in there, as a bit of an easter egg
A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC &amp; State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked &amp; Incompetent! 
Tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
Truth 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
Great job Tammy! 
Hiện đang tiếp nhận đơn xin trợ cấp cứu trợ khẩn cấp RISE 2.0 đến hết ngày 21 tháng Chín cho các cư dân cộng đồng đang gặp khó khăn tài chánh do #COVID19. 
When you care for others, you manifest an inner strength despite any difficulties you face. Your own problems will seem less significant and bothersome to you. Reaching beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain confidence, courage and a greater sense of calm.
Then I’m going to build a moat &amp; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite …
Bring your valued voice to the table! Join the discussion @ a 2020 Budget Community Forum hosted by City Commissions. Your feedback is valuable to each commission as they form recommendations on City services &amp; goals you value most. RSVP  
A happy society must be created by people themselves, not through prayer alone, but by taking action.
The City of Austin, Travis, Williamson, and Hays Counties have activated evacuation plans for those evacuating from the Gulf Coast region.  If you are evacuating to Austin, go to the @COTA (9201 Circuit of the Americas Blvd) - Lot A.  For more info, visit:  
.@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair &amp; Balanced” job!
Since loving kindness is the basis of a happy life, It’s my number one commitment to promote awareness of the importance of warm-heartedness
Anger, jealousy, impatience, and hatred are the real troublemakers, with them problems cannot be solved.
false. total crap 
Human beings are social animals and it is love that brings us together, while anger drives us apart. To live more peacefully and joyfully in our day to day lives, we need a warm heart.
The more people learn to tackle their afflictive emotions, the more individuals will achieve peace of mind, and the more individuals achieve inner peace, the greater are the prospects for peace in the world.
Press Statement of His Holiness the Dalai Lama on Liu Xiaobo being awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize. 
5 minutes from launch. Looks good so far. 
i ask you, whos the real " Little Ho" ??? Me (for being a little Ho) or You (for not forgiving me for being a little Ho)
Heading to New Hampshire!
Positive emotions like compassion and loving kindness engender in us a deep sense of peace and serenity, and benefits others as well.
people on here treat me like dirt , thats fine,  meanwhile hundreds of teens are allowed to go to prom racistly every day
October is National #CybersecurityAwarenessMonth! 💻 When it comes to #Cybersecurity, make sure you stay safe online and Do Your Part.  👉 Learn more:   #BeCyberSmart #DataPrivacy 
Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION
.@ATXConventions staff helped pack 1,000 meal bags which also serve as a distribution vehicle for health, hygiene, + educational materials (as available) like:  ✅Health info ✅Trash bags ✅Protective face covering ✅Toilet paper ✅Hygiene packs (2/4) 
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
The Proven Mental Health Benefits Of Calling Your Boss "Father"
We should practise by showing affection and helping one another. It is a mistake to pursue happiness and to seek to the avoid suffering by deceiving and humiliating other people. We must try to achieve happiness and eliminate suffering by being considerate and good-hearted.
In the bag: #ATXCouncil approves an ordinance that allows @AUStinAirport to move forward with implementing upgrades to its baggage handling system. Council also approved moving forward with upgrades to the airport’s bag tag sorting system 🧳✈️ 
The human capacity to care for others isn’t something trivial or something to be taken for granted. Rather it is something we should cherish
China &amp; Asia Pacific Supercharger usage above pre-covid highs. North America catching up fast. Europe slightly behind. 
Starting on Monday, Tesla will no longer be taking orders for the 75 kWh version of the Model S &amp; X. If you’d like that version, please order by Sunday night at 
i think that if mensa started getting involved in gang violence, they would easily Win
 strikes again!
you want to claim that i keep a cup of poop on my computer desk? You want to go on record? ill put you in concrete. ill give you to the lord
Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
📺Vea la junta en vivo en ATXN:  o en el canal 6 de Spectrum, canal 6 de Grande Communications, o el canal 99 de U-Verse.   👂Escúchelo en la radio en KAZI 88.7 FM.
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
We all want to live a happy life, which is our right, and the key to doing so is developing compassion for others.
On Your Side: #ATXCouncil today authorized a number of actions to help Austinites hit by the health, economic + other impacts of #COVID19. Support is targeted at patients, low-income families, people experiencing homelessness, and utility customers.  1/6 
i challenge my most hated Enemys to name a single chemical that exists naturally within a womens pussy.  You cant do it
All human endeavor is potentially great and noble - so long as we carry out our work with good motivation.
If we can refrain from harming others in our everyday actions and words, we can start to give more serious attention to actively doing good.
Looking back at the sun from upper stage &amp; Falcon 9 🚀 landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You 
the most classic form of capital punishment is being restrained in the stocks and having tomatoes thrown at you just for being a dumb ass
Huge thank you to all Tesla supporters for helping with car deliveries all around the world. You rock!!
Meetings are a valuable use of time! 
If you bombard Earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla (AK)
getting Sucked out of house and home
Music is a limbic resonator
Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...
I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
Reports of suffering are upsetting, but it's a mistake to think we can do nothing about it. Many problems we face are of our own making. Since we are social animals who need friends, the least we can do is smile and respond to others warm-heartedly—that will make a difference.
Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
In general I think that anger is a sign of weakness and tolerance a sign of strength.
When individuals are too self-centred, they tend to be prone to fear, suspicion, anxiety and anger. Compassion and restraining from harming others, act as an antidote to this. Scientists say that it is basic human nature to be compassionate, because we are social animals.
Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!
According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death &amp; suffering...
Thank you James! 
Silicon Valley has become Sanctimonious Valley
Park for the Future: #ATXCouncil takes the 1st step towards a new vision for East Austin’s 3,695-acre Walter E. Long Park. The plan, based on resident feedback, includes nature, visitor + cultural centers, camping areas, trails, and event spaces. Info:  
Tune into  at 5:30pm today for music followed by proclamations... #ATXCouncil 
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
kissing the female firefighter emoji as penance for being a dog brained fuck freak
Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City &amp; State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!
Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!
Cryptocandy
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Affection, warm-heartedness, that makes us happy; wealth alone can’t do that.
corn should grow from sprouts, like beans do.  none of this cob bullshit
Moving Forward: #ATXCouncil has adopted the Austin Strategic Mobility Plan following feedback from thousands of community members. The Plan will guide the City’s transportation policies, programs, projects, and investments over the next 20 years.  
Wherever I go, I always give the advice to be altruistic and kind to others.
This mode will show pic of moth &amp; play the smiths
John Hume’s deep conviction in the power of dialogue and negotiations to resolve conflict was unwavering. It was his leadership and his faith in the power of negotiations that enabled the 1998 Good Friday Agreement to be reached — an example for us all. 
Bars must close common spaces + prohibit consumption on premises.   Food establishments must close common dining areas open to the public + are encouraged to provide take-away, delivery or drive-thru, to limit exposure between individuals. (2/4)
Grow Green is a gardening education program promoting sustainable landscaping practices. Learn landscaping practices healthiest for people, pets, &amp; planet. Get easy-to-use tips on plant selection, water conservation, pest control, &amp; more! 🌻  
Rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. Apply at 
Reminder that we are no longer mailing locks of our own hair to girls, in 2018 .
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: “Not a Flamethrower”.
🗳️ Tune in for a forum with those who are running for #ATXCouncil seats this November. Candidates for District 4 will speak at 6pm tonight.  💻 📺Cable TV ch. 6 or AT&amp;T U-Verse ch. 99 📻KAZI FM 88.7 📞Call 855-756-7520 📌 
Thank you! 
HHDL speaks on how to achieve long lasting happiness in this short clip from his talk at the launch of the Happiness Curriculum in Delhi Government Schools in New Delhi, India on July 2, 2018. 
Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!
Homes with solar sell for 4.1% more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.  
4 mins to Dragon loss of signal due to atmospheric entry plasma
Coffee=life, and in #ATX, so is taking care of our planet. Reusable mugs let you do both (+ can save you &amp; the City $$)! Send us your mug shot: Post a photo of you + your fave mug + #ADayWithoutPlastic. #MotherNature will give you two big thumbs up. 
In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
Congrats to Tesla team on Model 3 winning best midsize car in Germany! 🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪 
Once again, I must recommend  
Inner peace helps sustain good health, gives rise to happy individuals, happy families, happy communities and ultimately a happy humanity.
Cause I got high high Hopes for the living !!!!  Cause I got High High Hopes !!!!
Best music video art I’ve seen in a while 
Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
It’s #PrideMonth, y’all! 🌈 We are excited to celebrate the LGBTQIA+ community with our display of a #Pride flag outside the main entrance of City Hall for the entire month of June. Check it out! #LoveATX #LoveIsLove 
Extremism is so fun! (@waitbutwhy) 
Remember the future
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
Im now earning 5% cash back at gas stations so if you need gas please give me the cash so i can buy it on credit and siphon it into your car
Happy #ComingOutDay #Austin. City employees celebrated Tuesday with special guest Miss Kitty Litter.  “I want to express my cattitutde to the City of Austin for standing behind the LGBTQA community. Don’t let anyone tell you you’re less than.”- @ATXMiss #NCOD #BESEEN🏳️‍🌈 
there is no act more intimate &amp; sensual than browsing a mans "Like" page , and clicking on there without permission is the ultimate betrayal
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon...
Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
HHDL's "A Talk for World Peace" at the West Lawn of the US Capitol in Washington DC on July 9 at 9:30am, free admission 
The proposed #ATXBudget2021 adjusts to new fiscal constraints due to #COVID19 + community expectations.  ✅Focused investments in core programs + City infrastructure ✅Reimagining public safety by reallocating Police funding to health, housing, + other social services. (1/3) 
Great ad 
its like i always say folks "you gotta follow my account to get the posts"
The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
A new 70-unit affordable housing development in Travis Heights—supported by City funding—features a mural by Travis Heights Elementary students. A majority of the units are designated for households making between 30% and 60% of Austin's median income. 🌟  
You can’t help someone just by making a wish to do so, you have to take action.
Dragon is stable in the water
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
Supporting survivors: #ATXCouncil approves funding for a full-time advocate for the Sexual Assault Kit Initiative. The advocate will work in the District Attorney’s office with prosecutors and local social service organizations to help survivors + their families.
In order to help others, in order to serve others, the real motive is love.
"cmon!! post it!" Oh no, i couldnt possibly. Its too fucked up. Too raw "cmon!! ya gotta post it!" Very well: NHL Players should wear hijabs
A message from His Holiness the Dalai Lama requested by The Call to Unite. 
Exclusive: Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!
 Good question. We’re committed to generating 65% of our energy from renewable sources like solar &amp; wind, getting to zero waste by 2040 with help from curbside composting, and supporting zero-carbon transportation like bikes and electric vehicles. #EarthDay
#ATXCouncil items pulled for discussion are 5, 6, 27 and 48. The rest of the consent agenda, items 1-28, is approved. View all agenda items at 
“At Tesla, using AI to solve self-driving isn’t just icing on the cake, it the cake” - @lexfridman   Join AI at Tesla! It reports directly to me &amp; we meet/email/text almost every day. My actions, not just words, show how critically I view (benign) AI.  
Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory! 
Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
When we wish to help others and try to do so, our attitude is more positive and relationships become easier.
Some photos of HHDL's teachings at TCV in Dharamsala on 1st and 2nd June. 
Wow ,  imagine an office where the employees are not just allowed to have fun... its ENCOURAGED
➡️ Diana Maldonado, President &amp; CEO, Greater Austin Hispanic Chamber of Commerce  ➡️ Nuria Rivera-Vandermyde, Deputy City Manager, City of Austin ➡️ Mayor Pro Tem Delia Garza, Austin City Council  📌 Tune into ATXN: 
When we develop patience, we find that we develop a reserve of calm and tranquility.
We must work to resolve conflicts in a spirit of reconciliation and always keep others' interests in mind.
 
One of the best human qualities is our intelligence, which enables us to judge what is beneficial and what is harmful.
🖤🧛‍♀️Total Eclipse of the Heart 🧛‍♀️🖤 
HHDL taking part in a Guru Puja (Feet Cleansing Ceremony) on his arrival at Sri Udasin Karshni Ashram in Mathura, UP, India on September 22, 2019. Photo by Tenzin Choejor 
Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
Join us in a Week of Action with local orgs (Aug. 27 - Sept. 2) to #HelpNotHide our neighbors experiencing homelessness.💜  👏 Prepare, learn, and create before sharing, calling, and giving what you can to keep the momentum going + thanking our community for their support. (1/2) 
 my book is now 35% off again for some reason.  $11.68 - cheaper than dog shit "Nice for the holidays"
Shelter 
Fallout Shelter is on your Tesla. Tap the Entertainment button.
I urge young women to accept leadership roles. We need you to promote love and compassion. Realise my dream—that the 200 nations of the world be governed by women. There’ll be less war, violence, and economic and social injustice because strength is rooted in love and compassion
Eat, Drink, Shop: #ATXCouncil approved the creation of a pilot program to enable restaurants, bars + retail stores to expand into private parking lots, streets and sidewalks to help them operate safely with social distancing + recover from the economic hit caused by #COVID19.
Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!
Making Roads Safer: #ATXCouncil approves funding from the 2016 Mobility Bond for safety improvements at up to six additional high-crash intersections in Austin. The locations will be picked from a list of top crash sites:  #VisionZero
🏠 RENT actualizar: lunes 9/14, los solicitantes elegibles serán seleccionados al azar y, si califican la asistencia será por la cantidad total de su alquiler y se pagará directamente al arrendador del inquilino.   📌 Inquilinos con ingresos perdidos   
Compassion and concern for others are the key to human survival. People with no interest in religion sometimes disregard qualities like patience and compassion, which they associate with religious practice. In fact, they are relevant to anyone who wishes to live a happy life.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to 25% for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original 2012 Model S. Not splitting power across 2 Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to 50%. 
With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!  
sucking off on a piece of spaghetti like a dick; getting all that red Sauce
In observance of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, City offices will be closed on Monday, Jan. 20. Normal business hours will resume Tuesday, Jan 21. More info:  
The more we succeed in training our hearts and minds through cultivating spiritual qualities, the better our ability to cope with adversity.
16 reasons why Farm Fresh Corn on the cob could be your new Taste Obsession - Chef Édouard`s Corncob Lounge "On 3rd"
#ATXCouncil is back in session.  First items up are the zoning cases.
fuck the "left shark "
#ATX is keeping families and communities safe + healthy by providing essential services or staying home.💪 Responding to the #2020Census yourself is another way to help keep our community strong.  ✅ Visit  or call 2-1-1 for info.  #ATXCensus2020 #ATXforATX 
Wondering what temp to keep your house when you leave for work? Looking for ways to save energy &amp; money this summer? #DYK about Moonlight Towers &amp; rainwater harvesting rebates? Our friends @AustinEnergy &amp; @AustinWater answered your questions earlier:  #AMA 
Great to be in Texas!
We are! 
its apparent people arent taking these social distancing measures seriously. on my way to the gym i had 2 people suck my shit completely off
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Join us in celebrating our Public Works Department for #NationalPublicWorksWeek 🎉👷‍♂️ Our Public Works professionals build + maintain sidewalks, urban trails, major capital construction projects + so much more.   Thanks y'all! 👏 
piss #ad
Naughty by Nature 😉 
We want to invest in what is most important to you. 👏   Now through tomorrow, May 31,  tell us your priorities for our City budget by taking a survey today at    #ATXBudget 
- _ =  NEVER A SEX ACCOUNT = _ -
People experiencing homelessness often seek shelter near drainage channels or tunnels, but these places are not safe.   Today @AustinWatershed resumes cleaning encampments that impact ATX’s drainage system, while giving individuals the support they need:  
some times you just gotta say "nuff said" because enough of the shit  has been said to that point
Just leaving SpaceX Starship build site in Boca 
When I speak about love and compassion, I don't do so as a Buddhist, or a Tibetan, or as the Dalai Lama, but as one human being to another.
.@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews
#DYK The @AustinAuditor has been hosting virtual engagement opportunities for people to interact with staff and learn more about the #RedistrictATX process + opportunities.  👉 View the July event schedule:  👉 Engage anytime:  
THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA  
(folloiwng the waiter to his car) Sir.  Sir. Can you confirm or deny that the Southwestern Chipotle Chicken Paninis here are "Chef Inspired"
Large human movements spring from individual human initiatives.
I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
No matter what our situation, we all share the same aspiration for happiness.
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
Euuuhh... Not a Good look! 
Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
A Tesla works as a boat for short periods of time, as an electric car has no air intake or exhaust to block &amp; battery/motor/electronics are water-sealed. Submarines are just underwater EVs.   
Dr. John M. Templeton Jr. presents the 2012 Templeton Prize to HHDL at St. Paul’s Cathedral in London on May 14th. 
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience &amp; tenacity of kids &amp; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
📣Các quan chức thành phố đã tuyên bố “ở nhà/làm việc một cách an toàn” theo Lệnh y tế công cộng, ngoại trừ các hoạt động và công việc thiết yếu, để ngăn chặn sự lây lan của #COVID19. 📌  (1/6)
No amount of legislation or coercion can accomplish the well-being of society, as it depends on the inner attitude of its members.
We created a “CityView At Home” video series to bring you the latest information on #COVID19 with some good news too. 🏠 🙂 New episodes released every Friday afternoon. Stay well, Austin!   ➡️  
Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
i dont respect the cowboy life style any more and if you are doing cowboy shit you might as well be wearing a clowns outfit
If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 
You can develop patience and change your attitudes with continuous practice - the human mind has such potential.
...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
📣 The City + Travis County continue work to care for our most at-risk populations.  A new @AusPublicHealth task force is setting up sites to house nursing home patients with #COVID19 but don't need hospitalization or who have been discharged.  Learn more:  
Use your human intelligence in the best way you can; transform your emotions in a positive way.
Just want say that I support @Jack as Twitter CEO. He has a good ❤️.
For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
Visual approximation 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Tesla is bringing most collision repairs in-house, as outside firms take weeks to months for repairs, driving Tesla owners (and us) crazy
It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
life force drained to &lt;5% by enemy posts - Not good!!  get me a "Likes" infusion ASAP!! Get me a follow fridday
Pet Owners! ⚠ Do not allow your dog to swim in or drink the water in Lady Bird Lake. Avoid stagnant areas of the lake + don’t handle algae.   👉Dashboard + updates:  
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
Great News, Mike! 
Donation locations: • 1122 East 51st Street, Austin 78723- Mon-Sat, 10a.m.-6p.m. • 601 Westinghouse Rd - Georgetown, TX 78626  Mon-Fri, 10a.m.-2p.m.  • 4301 Tannehill Ln - Austin TX 78721  Mon-Fri, 10a.m.-2 p.m. • 8901 W Hwy 71 - Austin TX 78736  Mon-Fri, 10a.m.-2 p.m. (2/2)
thinking that going to Harvard to increase your IQ is something people do once every few months like getting your hair cut
The quality of altruism is fundamental, in my opinion, and will fill our daily lives with serenity and happiness.
HHDL with local religious leaders at celebrations honoring his 81st birthday at Drepung Monastery in India on July 6 
...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!
Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?
HHDL talks about environmental awareness in a clip from the first session of Mind and Life XXIII on October 17, 2011. 
nobody with less followers than me should be allowed to block me.   Thats fucked up
World’s first very large scale battery has worked out well 
Friendship doesn’t depend on fame, money or physical strength. It’s based on trust and trust depends on love and affection.
I do! 
为了保证奥斯汀的安全，该命令要求奥斯汀人呆在家里，必要的工作和活动除外。在进行允许的活动时，人们必须继续保持至少6英尺的社交距离。（2/5）
might delete all my posts once i hit 10000.  Thats enough
win ben steins Pussy
If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!
Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01 
Design &amp; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible 
Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
Imbecile 
25% exp penalty for asking what ethnicity beetlejuice is in the team chat
your post sucked so much shit so bad it just turned me from ESFP to INTJ  in 2 seconds flat. your spinning my bitch wheel 99mph
For the Kids: #ATXCouncil earlier agreed to provide @DelValleISD with startup costs for four new full-day Pre-K classrooms. The funding will expand affordable, high-quality early childcare options for parents of 72 children at Hillcrest Elementary School in South East Austin. 🙂 
Ending the Cycle: #ATXCouncil authorized funding for the Downtown Austin Community Court to work with Travis County and @IntegralCareATX to increase the provision of mental health + substance use treatment services for individuals experiencing homelessness. 
#EarthMonth is over, but you can make a huge difference each day by ditching 🎵 #AllTheSinglePlastics 🎵 + switching to reusable. From totes &amp; water bottles to utensils &amp; mugs, you can make every day #EarthDay #BYOB #ALifeWithoutPlastic 
The holidays will look different this year, but the Zilker Holiday Tree will still shine bright.✨ Watch the virtual-only tree lighting ceremony from home on Nov. 29 at 6 p.m.  There are no in-person viewing options for the ceremony.  👉More info at:  
Just In: #ATXCouncil's policy direction on Land Development Code revisions, adopted on May 2 in response to City Manager questions, is now online at  Direct link: 
on February 19th, 2019, i will show my penis on here and effectively remove myself from consideration as the host of this years Oscar show.
making a Fairly solid argument that tthe same societal sickness that led to Minstrel Shows manifests itself today as "Doggo Shit"
French fries 🍟 are the devil 😈 
CSI: Austin -- #ATXCouncil approves new technology to enable @Austin_Police to collect fingerprints from difficult surfaces like wool + leather, and from evidence exposed to extreme conditions. It’ll help identify suspects and support cold case investigations. 🕵 
Good morning 😀
Launch in 20 mins 
The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!
some one on here said they were going to "Cuck" teddy ruxpin, while the mods are off sipping mimosas somewhere
It is in the nature of the mind that the more we cultivate and familiarize ourselves with positive emotions, the more powerful they become.
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon 
" Be the wife you want to be in the world.  You have one life to grab it by the Nuts  "  - the Quote Pussy
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!
TONIGHT at 8pm 👏 Tune in to “A Night for Austin” a 2-hour, commercial-free fundraising event benefiting nonprofits in #Austin. 💙🎶  📺 Watch:  @CBSAustin, or   📻 Listen: @ACL_RADIO or @KOKEFMAUSTIN  (1/2) 
🗳️ Tune in for a forum with those who are running for #ATXCouncil seats this November. Candidates for District 7 will speak at 6pm tonight.  💻 📺Cable TV ch. 6 or AT&amp;T U-Verse ch. 99 📻KAZI FM 88.7 📞Call 855-756-7520 📌 
Thud!
"mr. bucket" now theres a guy who clearly does not have his shit together
Electric is the future! Congratulations Daimler!! 
Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!
Live: 2nd Global Conference on World's Religions After 9/11 with HHDL's opening remarks from Montreal, Sept 7, 2011. 
And the rocket's red glare,  the bombs bursting in air
getting brain damage from pissing my self off
Live: HHDL will address the Bridge Conference in New York on May 23 from 10:30am EDT (8pm India) 
Tending to your Fall garden? Want to plant native + adapted #ATX plants but not sure where to start? 🌻 Check out this @AustinWatershed guide to find the right plant for you:  #FunFactFriday 
Ability to stream YouTube &amp; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats &amp; surround sound audio.
I lpove making my credit rating lower by having my wife painted on the side of my car
If you have a warm heart and you care for others you'll be happy and the community in which you live will be happier too.
In our daily life, mindfulness, holistic view and compassionate attitude are very useful, in order to keep peace of mind and better health.
Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,....
before i Smoke, i want to read an article about if smoking is facing a crisis in which smokers are making smoking too much "About them"
Also $2500 tax credit for California &amp; $500 to $800 utility incentive 
if you don't think i like to muck about on here... i damn say you're in for the shock of a life time!!!!
Compassion is a feeling from deep in the heart that you cannot bear someone else's suffering without taking steps to relieve it.
"We want a team, we want a stadium, and we want an experience that grows the legend of Austin, Texas, and all of us who call this place home." - @McConaughey at today's @AustinFC ground breaking. #GrowTheLegend ⚽️ 
going down to the bank to yell at all the workers there and tell them to keep their greasy mitts off of my stash
City, County, nonprofit, + faith-based partners created the Eating Apart Together (EAT) initiative, a coordinated food delivery program to reach people experiencing homelessness during #COVID19.  👉Read more:  👉EAT Initiative:  (1/4) 
Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!
a-list: time line b-list: group dm c-list: shit i yell in the car with the windows rolled up d-list: shit i say while melting down in court
The funds will help income-eligible tenants who:  ☑️ Live in Austin + make 80% of the Median Family Income ☑️ Are currently on a lease (signatory) + not recipients of other rent programs ☑️ Have docs showing #COVID19 has affected them financially (i.e., paystubs, etc.) (2/2)
Wise people serve others, putting the needs of others above their own. The ultimate result will be that you find more happiness.
A real grass act: #ATXCouncil directs the City Manager to consider amending the Universal Recycling Ordinance to include organic waste collection at all commercial and multi-family properties. The changes will be considered after an Austin Resource Recovery pilot. 🍃🌳
I believe that our underlying or fundamental nature is gentleness, and intelligence is a later development.
Inner peace depends on warm-heartedness and a concern for others’ well being.
Donkey kong from "Donkey Kong" Mario from "Mario" They stand tall as the Loony Tunes of modern era, to besmirtch there names is unforgivable
What is important today is that we consciously cultivate a sense of the oneness of humanity, because we all depend on each other.
HHDL talks on today’s global reality of interdependence in this short clip from his talk in Tokyo, Japan on November 13 
theres like 90 reddit threads per day called "Do your friends Hate you?" and they always have 10000 replies of people saying shit like "Yes"
I am increasingly convinced that the time has come to find a way of thinking about spirituality and ethics beyond religion altogether.
The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
Live Webcast: HHDL at Florida International University: The Significance of World Religions - October 26, 9:15am EDT 
They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!
jsut a heads up if youre trying to be a check mark guy on here, you get paid more to have opinions that suck fucking ass
Cookie decorating contest with kids 
Bernie’s tax rate is 0.2% too high! 
His Holiness the Dalai Lama in Florida - 24 February 2010 
getting my naval cavity laser removed because i just remembered an article i read in 1997 about how people in Spain were doing it
.@atxsupply has already donated 285,000 free medical masks to City departments + #ATXCouncil districts. Find out how you can get free masks for your #ATX organization 👇  #FreeMasksForAustin 
#InternationalSelfCareDay riding hood of my 18wheeler freaking out getting shaken baby syndrome &amp; turning red like a boiled crab sucking ass
It's time to dive into SUMMER at one of Austin's 44 pools and splash pads. ⛱️☀️🏊‍♀️ To find your local pool go to  
Although I am a Buddhist monk, I am skeptical that prayers alone will achieve world peace. We need instead to be enthusiastic and self-confident in taking action.
Terms &amp; conditions for “Not-a-Flamethrower”  Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple &amp; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book “Green Eggs and Ham”.   #ThrowFlamesResponsibly 
Warm heartedness is the key factor for a happy family, happy community.
Live webcast: HHDL's public talk  from Lund, Sweden, on April 16th, 1:45pm (GMT+2Hours). 
Changes to parks and trails 👇 🚶Keep exercising, but continue physical distancing 🅿️ Less parking for downtown parks, district parks, &amp; neighborhood parks  🔁Ann and Roy Butler Hike and Bike Trail at Lady Bird Lake will be “one-way”  📌Info + Resources  
beware of my friend metal gear eric he is a scammer and a bimbo
For some people the idea of compassion entails a complete disregard for or even a sacrifice of their own interests. This is not the case. In fact, we first of all have to have a wish to be happy ourselves – if we don’t love ourselves like that, how can we love others?
rocky homer simpson show
Due to the fundamental interconnectedness that lies at the heart of reality, your interest is also my interest.
Austinites, please help keep our students safe: stop for crossing guards, no cell phones in school zones, and no jaywalking. #BackToSchool 
Because society is the basis of our own happiness, it makes sense for us to take care of others.
Bike to work tomorrow like these groovy Austinites did in the 70s! Pro tip: Keep your hands on the handlebars. 🚲  #B2WDAustin     📷 Austin History Center 
The purpose of spiritual practice is to effect a transformation in our attitudes; to make our minds more positive.
santa   #goodbook #Remembering41 #BushFuneral
was gonna bring back the classic "piss" gag but you cant say the word "piss" any more. theyll get ya. ford trucks .com built ford truck #ad
The City’s fleet is getting greener! By the end of the year we’ll have 200 electric vehicles, rising to 330 in 2020. Electrification will save tons of CO2 emissions and millions of $$$ over the next decade. We’re one of 125+ cities going low carbon. #ClimateMayors @MayorAdler 
Live webcast: HHDL at Stanford Univ Conference "Scientific Explorations of Compassion and Altruism" Oct 15, 9am-4pm PDT 
Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!
...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc.) – VOTE 2020!
Or a sheep
Reminder that Tesla Full Self-Driving (FSD) price goes up by $1k on July 1st
Performance Model 3 review by @mattdebord 
"ill goon your ass. ill pig you out" yeuah um, No, its highly unlikely that you will "Goon" my ass. Try reading a book of english
Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &amp; works hard for our Vets &amp; First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! 
For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
Today's children are hugely important, our hopes for the future lie in their hands and rest on their shoulders.
.@AustinCityParks has been creating tons of DIY activities + virtual tours all on their YouTube channel! Subscribe to their channel to:  🧦Make DIY sock face covers  👩‍🔬Conduct at-home science experiments   🦜Learn about local wildlife  🔗  #ATXforATX
Preserving history: #ATXCouncil approves funding for the development of a new Master Plan for the George Washington Carver Museum in East Austin. The plan will determine how the museum and its programming can expand to best meet the needs of the community.  
Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
Training the mind is the source of inner peace.”
f 
Information on the City of Austin's Veterans Day Closures can be found at   City offices will return to normal business hours on Tuesday, Nov. 12. 
Since resentment, anger, and animosity bring us no benefit, it is clearly in our own interest to underpin our attitude to all others with a kind of genuine unconditional and unbiased compassion. And doing so will certainly bring us benefits.
trying to draft a tweet about how people arre getting too many tattoos of the cars from the cars movies without invoking Race
Item 18: The Texas Healthy Communities grant contract for prevention of chronic disease (obesity, smoking, heart health, etc…) in undeserved communities in Travis County was passed by #ATXCouncil
Lack of contentment sows the seed of envy and aggressive competitiveness and leads to a culture of excessive materialism.
Photos taken today at HHDL's residence during the Bhikshu ordination ceremony. 
Half a 🐝, philosophically, must ipso facto half not 🐝
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldn’t do it....
Car will drive to your phone location &amp; follow you like a pet if you hold down summon button on Tesla app
THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
i now have over 100 comments that the media refuses to let me apologize for and the trolls got my Ass over a barral
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
For Japanese Twitter fans, HHDL will be in Japan from June 18-28. Public event schedule at 
🔥
Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73🇺🇸 
I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon.
I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House.
my Reaction when . 
Scooter news 👀🛴🌳 
No estamos motivados por pánico o temor, sino planeación estratégica y prevención. Nosotros comprendemos muy bien los impactos a la salud física y mental de nuestra comunidad. Estamos abogando por mantener el distanciamiento social pero también la solidaridad. (6/7)